what is up everyone and welcome to the W
show I'm coming to you live from
the we western side of the Pacific and
we've got a great show lined up for you
guys today the big story this week is
obviously that apple is being sued by
the US Department of Justice in other
almost equally big news I was featured
in a song from smos
and it was gone sexual extremely
sexual yeah uh LinkedIn thinks gaming at
work is cool and your entire company
should compete against other companies
which is exciting and also a terrible
idea which we'll discuss later and I
don't know if you mentioned this or not
but Apex Legends it was hacked mid
tournament in like a big way that sort
of ruined everything we'll talk about
that I didn't know that hacking works
like that all right let's go ahead and
roll that intro I can't do it Luke has
to do it oh
[Music]
uh ja you green and brought by Jawa you
okay well we were both doing it so
that's great nice absolutely fantastic
all right why don't we jump right into
our first topic and if you are if you're
a frequenter of R
slapple um you're going to have to
you're going to have to grab your grab
your copium supplements because this is
going to be pretty hard to hear but the
reason that I am happy about this news
is not that I hate Apple in fact uh
those of you who were here for the
pre-show on float plane and twitch will
have seen that I daily Drive airpods I
actually use Apple products as part of
my life and even even pay a lot of money
for them do you know how you know I pay
a lot of money for
them because they're made by Apple oh
yeah fair enough and
I uh oh we lost him uh while we
hopefully get him back I'm just going to
start reading the topic yeah he's back
he's
back should be cool he's back okay do
you want to turn the bandwidth down a
little bit actually let's have Luke read
the topic I'll be right back sounds good
yesterday the US Department of uh of
dustice wow that would be cool
Department the US Department of Justice
and Attorneys General from more than a
dozen states filed a lawsuit against
Apple for monopolizing smartphone
markets in the doj's most significant
antitrust lawsuit since its like
amazingly massive case against Microsoft
in 1998 in which Microsoft was accused
of acting anti-competitive to push
Internet Explorer if any of you even
remember that on users EP epic games
fortnite lawsuit only claimed that apple
had a monopoly on the iOS software
distribution Market this
lawsuit concerns Apple's effects on the
smartphone market at large the whole
thing iPhones account for around 56% of
the US smartphone market having passed
the 50% Mark in 2020
the case in a nutshell the government
complaint cites pretty much every
complaint about iOS brought up by users
in recent memory this includes Apple
blocking third-party app stores payment
systems and sideloading on iOS
intentionally obstructing crossplatform
features in apps like apple messages
making it seem to iPhone users like
Android phones are to blame uh so you
should you know just just buy your mom
an iPhone that quote uh a line that the
doj quotes specifically in its document
you can look up that clip it's it's
pretty great um suppressing Cloud
streaming services Apple did recently
change their Global policies to allow
services like Xbox Cloud streaming and
GeForce now to host their game streaming
library in a single IOS app uh also
refusing to add Android support to Apple
watch in response Apple told 9 to5 Mac
they investigated this possibility for 3
years concluding it wasn't doable
because of technical
limitations also forcing third part hold
on can I can
look I'm gon let you finish but can I
just call I don't have my bleep button
so so I'll have to come up with manually
name um oxen manure um on that there is
there is absolutely no way that a
company the size of apple with Apple's
resources could not find any meaningful
way to get the Apple watch I don't think
that people even would have expected
feature parody I mean as an Android User
with airpods I understand that I'm a bit
of a second class citizen there are
certain things that you know I I I get
you know are not necessarily going to
work like if apple is using um you know
a special proprietary codec or something
like that to enable their spatial
nonsense it's like okay yeah you know
what maybe I don't get that but there
are certain thing no this is this is
them degrading The Experience because
they
malici I shouldn't say malicious but
because
they oh man arrogance the word escapes
me right now but basically because they
don't respect me enough for not buying
enough of their products to put in the
work for me the fact that I can't alter
what the long presses of the stems do
unless I buy an iPhone and connect it to
an iPhone um that's really bad the fact
that I cannot update the firmware in in
any way
without a Bluetooth connection to an
iPhone is that that's
just they just obviously hate their
users it's it's yeah it's there you go
thank you Lightning Man GTS it's
spiteful um there's absolutely no way
that they shouldn't be able to update
the firmware some other way they just
designed the product in such a way that
it just won't work uh and they do it on
purpose um a part of me is willing to
sort of consider a little bit that
everyone at Apple probably just you
know enemas the Kool-Aid all day every
day and can't even imagine a world where
you you just wouldn't have an iPhone um
so it's not a problem at all uh so you
know why would we have a way for you to
you know connect to the case via a wire
and have it you know push that way or
something and I understand that the the
cas is just for charging or or whatever
except that it's not because they can
definitely communicate with the airpods
via the case so I don't know um so I can
understand why they just wouldn't
consider it when they're designing the
product but it just happens too
consistently to the point where it has
to be on purpose at this point and I
think that's essentially what the doj is
getting at is that we've got this long
history of Apple designing their
products for minimum interoperability
and then basically shrugging and
going buy more of our stuff okay Luke
sorry go go ahead go ahead yeah no
worries uh to to continue the citations
uh from the government forcing
third-party payment services to use
apple wallet blocking super apps like
WeChat uh alipay and other apps that
also serve as platforms for mini apps
and thus reduce the users dependence on
Apple's own features and more there's
there's tons the do doj even says
carplay is anti-competitive which was
actually kind of interesting to me but
anyways um uh yeah so that doesn't make
sense on the surface but if you click
through what they're what they're
alluding to is actually a carplay future
uh not the state of carplay right now so
apple is apparently telling auto
manufacturers that in the future if they
want to be able to support carplay
they're going to have to enable Apple to
take control of all the screens in the
car not just a a window screen and this
is really frustrating to me because one
of the issues that I've had with uh
Teslas for example one of the one of my
main reasons for not being interested in
a Tesla for years even though on paper
it was like what you're like a tech guy
you should just have a Tesla right um
one of my main issues was that I was
locked into Tesla's operating system so
yeah I could use Google Maps as long as
Tesla decided I could use Google Maps
like I I couldn't just plug in my phone
and use whatever I wanted and it's been
shown now that you could totally even in
a Tesla just run Android auto or run
carplay in a window and get all that
functionality that you want that way
instead of relying on Tesla's uh Tesla's
own inment operator but I was like no
this is absolutely this is absolutely
perfect I never have to be at the mercy
of the car manufacturer who and Tesla
you know what to their credit has been a
lot better than traditional car
manufacturers about this but I still
just don't trust car manufacturers to
keep their software up to date whereas I
trust myself to keep buying a new phone
every time I need one which as it turns
out is not very often but but I can do
that and then I can just bring yeah I
can just bring that new experience with
me um and this I didn't realize would
totally tank that because all I wanted
was my phone to run in a little window
on my dashboard I don't want I don't
want my phone to completely take over
the car I want my car to work like my
car should and my phone to work like my
phone should and then just I can listen
to whatever music I want on playlists
that I have stored on my phone that's it
that's all I'm asking for and I just
don't understand why companies like
apple have to have to flex like this and
impose their will like God who cares you
already sold the
iPhone sorry go ahead go ahead yeah yeah
and by the way no I was not rapping or
doing weird uh gestures I was I was
bringing Liberty and freedom to a bug
that was bothering me um anyways moving
on Apple issued a statement saying that
the lawsuit threatens who we are and
would hinder our ability to create the
kind of Technology people expect from
Apple where Hardware software and
services
intersect many parallels are being dra
Sor I'm gonna have to interrupt you
again right here because I actually
agree with that I agree extremely
strongly with that this this lawsuit
does threaten who are definitely is
because apple apple are anti-competitive
um and this would threaten that
in a big way um as for whether it would
hinder their ability to create the kind
of technology that people expect from
Apple I don't think it would at all if
anything I think this would open up the
kind of technology that Apple creates
which is really great honestly a lot of
the time I think it would open up that
technology to a wider array of users
um so cool I guess I I really just I'm
afraid I just don't see a downside and
the thing is that the arguments that
you'll get from I don't know what to
call them and I realize this is
extremely
disrespectful um but I just I'm so sorry
I can't think of another word but just
like the zombies um you know the kind of
argument that you'll get from these
zealots uh that will defend this
multi-trillion multi-trillion dollar
Corporation to the death like it's just
it's this bizarre Dynamic that I don't
understand like having this kind of
parasocial relationship with a logo um
you know the kind of arguments you'll
get from them is you know I like the
closed ecosystem I like the Walled
Garden I like I like everything that's
great about having a Macbook and an
iPhone and airpods and a Vision Pro and
all the synergies that exist between all
these products you can have that still
not be locked down cool yeah then keep
buying them all I'm not asking for
anything to change for you I'm just
asking for a way to update the firmware
on the bloody product I bought without
buying another product to and to not to
not recognize the level of disrespect
that that is to BAS basically
say yeah you have to you have to come to
our store in order to update the
firmware on this product if you don't
didn't buy enough of our products I mean
imagine for a second imagine for a
second if to get a Windows update after
you bought a Windows computer okay you
had to go to a Microsoft store and have
them install it for
you imagine it like that's the thing you
got to do is you got to in any case
whether we're talking Democrat versus
Republican PlayStation versus Xbox Apple
versus whatever you've got to take
whatever that thing is and then you've
got to pretend that someone you hate did
it and decide if it would be okay and if
it wouldn't be okay then it's not okay
it it really is that's a good way to see
it actually yeah yeah that's a good way
to frame it um continuing on many
parallels are being drawn to the
Microsoft antitrust case which was like
the last really major one of these they
did it's not the last one they did it's
the last Super major one they did um
which involved years of arguments
rulings appeals of those rulings and
eventually a settlement with Microsoft
making a number of concessions uh Riley
also notes here that uh I as in Riley uh
have also seen analysts claim both that
the lawsuit is
well-founded and poorly founded an
eventual messy compromise seems
likely which yeah I mean you're going to
have incredible amounts of money going
into this from from apple and a bunch of
money from the government the government
doesn't want to lose so lots of money
versus government not wanting to lose
going to take a while gonna be a big
compromise the way that I see this
playing out is the government winning
enough that it will it will be such a
huge distraction and such a large sunk
cost for Apple by the time this whole
thing plays out that they will at least
if Microsoft is anything to go by they
will for 20 years or so chill the math
out on the whole anti-competitive
business practices thing I mean some of
this stuff has just been has been so
obvious for so long I mean look at the
the epic games versus Apple thing I I
don't think that epic you don't have to
like Tim Sweeney you don't have to like
epic games I don't want epic games store
on my computers and I have I've I've
gotten into it with Tim Sweeney in the
past I wouldn't say that he's my
favorite person ever but I and and I
think that you know if we were to ignore
the the personal motivations for this
from Tim Sweeney where he obviously
wants to make more money and grow his
company that would be ridiculous we
shouldn't ignore that either but to
disagree with his fundamental points
that apple and these other Marketplace
holders are engaging in anti-competitive
behavior in order to lock in their
enormous 30% take of every purchase that
takes place on their platforms uh to
disagree with that I feel like a
demonstration that you don't really
understand the behaviors that these
companies are engaging in um and that
you don't understand what
anti-competitive means like yes it is
fine to build a product that has
benefits if you use it with first party
I mean let's take our screwdriver for
example it works best with our first
party shorty bits but there's a huge
differing the product so that it works
it fits 12 bits if you buy first-party
ones and so that it had uh you know an
RFID chip in the bits and the ratchet
stopped functioning if you didn't buy
our first party bits there's a huge huge
difference between designing products
that work well together and designing
products that punish users for not
buying enough and for not playing by our
rigid
rules yeah it's it's interesting because
uh you often hear the 30% thing and it
gets compared to to steam which is which
is intriguing um because there's there's
some stuff there that makes sense and
there's some stuff there that doesn't
one is like if it's a if it's an ingame
thing it doesn't necessarily have to go
through Steam a lot of companies will do
that because for DLC and stuff it's
easier but there are some in-game
purchases that don't have to go through
Steam also there's a lot of things that
steam could do to be significantly more
anti-competitive that they don't do um
there's interesting stats I I'll come
back to that in a moment there's
interesting stats that make it look like
oh steam is a little uh like in 2018 a
group of valve staff tried to figure out
how they how just how efficient they
were being and found that they were
making more money per head than Apple
Facebook Etc nearly every Tech Giant out
there they found out that they were
making in
2018 right
$78,400 per employee at
valve of any level and you compare that
to Apple who makes rough machine oh
absolutely you compare that to Apple who
historically has incredible amounts of
money in the bank and just rakes in cash
you compare that to Apple Apple makes
47616 per employee which is like closer
to half than anything else so Val is
doing well at that 30% but they allow
you to sell your game on your own
platform if you want they sell they
allow you to sell your game on other
platforms they're not determining oh you
have to sell your game at at least the
same price as it is on here remember
Humble Bundle when they were popping off
back in the day they were giving games
out basically for free that you were
activating on Steam and using steam
service to download and valve was just
chill with that they they are not
engaging in a lot of these other
anti-competitive things the 30% is a lot
we can talk about that but that's
honestly a different conversation when
there's a bunch of different libraries
on Steam steam even allows you to use
games that you have installed from Steam
uh in a different launcher there's
multiple other multi- launcher things I
think even Nvidia cards these days you
can launch games from their software as
if anyone would want to do that um it
it's it's interesting I I have some some
issues with the 30% but there's a
couple from people
here uh hcky says I don't hear lonus
complaining about Microsoft only letting
you play Xbox games on the Xbox then you
weren't listening uh because that was a
major major point for me for a long time
was Microsoft's lip service that they
were paying to gaming on Windows you
know when they launched Vista they had
this my games menu
um and they they kept talking about how
much they cared about Windows gaming and
the windows gaming ecosystem man in the
Xbox 360 and even to an extent the Xbox
One days I never shut up about how L it
made that we would get these releases
these crappy ports way down the line on
PC and that and that Microsoft's Windows
users were treated like second class
citizens when functionally the Xbox was
just a computer guys I never shut my
mouth about that the reason you don't
hear me complaining about it now is that
it's not a problem right now games pass
works on Windows and
Xbox like nothing um many many games
that you buy for the Xbox um I don't
think it's all of them yet I haven't
looked into it recently but I know that
there was a big shift that took place
about three years ago where many games
would actually have a dual license so
you could play them on Windows or play
them on Xbox they added keyboard and
mouse support to the Xbox so you can
just play your games with a keyboard and
mouse which was a huge problem for me um
as a as a PC Gamer I would look at an
Xbox version of a game and be like oh
great I get this in two years where I
can use a proper set of peripherals with
this shooter game um so a lot of the
problems that I've had over the years
have been addressed that's why you don't
really that's why you don't really see
me complaining about it anymore because
believe it or not I am not just a hater
I don't complain about things for the
sake of complaining about them I
complain about them when they're bad and
when they're wrong um this is one from
Jen's wo over in twitch chat as an app
developer and publisher I find the 30%
tax both Apple and Google by the way no
one questions that epic sued both of
them on one hand I find it high uh but I
also get a lot of services for that I
get a complete store System including
invoicing payments management Etc I also
get a review process which yes can be
frustrating but also ensures a quality
threshold for the apps being published
nobody has a problem with that and I
want to make this just Crystal
Crystal Clear nobody not me not the doj
not Tim Sweeny nobody has a problem with
that the problem is not the 30% fee the
problem is not the complete solution
with invoicing and and all these tools
and review and ensuring user safety none
of those are problems the problem is the
lock the problem is the lock in the
problem is that if I don't want your
invoice in system if I don't want your
payment processing I am forced
out that's the problem the problem is
that that review process so often I mean
Luke what is the percentage of times
that we had our IOS app blocked over a
user safety or user security
issue uh quite a few it's not happening
as much anymore just to be super clear
for people watching this was a major
thing like probably year and a half to
two years ago is happening all the time
like every other time and when it would
happen it might happen multiple
times for user safety or security oh uh
I think
never okay how many times were we
blocked for something that was not that
very often yeah my favorite one this is
a little bit off topic yeah you might
right I'll let Luke tell the story
because I'm laggy oh the Netflix one no
I was going to talk about there was one
time we got blocked cuz they said they
they couldn't log in uh and then they
sent us a screenshot of someone else's
login portal while trying to input our
information uh there was another time
where they we got blocked because they
said they couldn't log in and then I I
looked at it was our login portal I
looked at their login uh and they they
just typed it wrong and I sent back I
was like why are you typing anything
like why are you copy and pasting this
this is crazy um I don't know what the
the Netflix one what was it uh Netflix
was doing something yeah where we we set
up our yeah we it was the um the first
thing you see when you launched the app
it just it directed people to create an
account on our site or something like
that and basically um our team assumed
that what we were doing was fine because
Netflix for some reason had a special
arrangement with apple where they were
allowed to direct people to their own
portal um
for H for subscriptions and they did not
they outright did not allow people to
subscribe through the app because
Netflix's entire business model would be
unsustainable if they gave Apple 30% of
their gross and so they they had their
they had their signup set up in such a
way that you were just
redirected and so we set up sorry I was
just speaking to the audience I was
saying I don't know that it still is or
not this was this was a while ago yeah
this was a while back so we set up
thinking okay well that's obviously okay
because someone else is doing it we set
up our app to work exactly the same way
because believe it or not our business
model being a video streaming platform
for float plane is equally not
sustainable if we're giving 30% of our
growth to Apple we're we're not selling
in-game Cosmetics uh we are we are not
um you know selling just you know button
mashing games or whatever else like we
we have very significant costs
associated with serving this video and
30% of gross is is not sustainable for
us um to the point where we will invest
Cycles into creating our own payment
processing and our own subscription plan
management and all of that stuff in
order to make it sustainable and so we
set it up in the same way that Netflix
was doing it and our app got rejected
and when we responded saying this is
exactly the same as
Netflix that was a long battle Yeah and
right out the gate they were like yeah I
can't even remember they did they they
said that you can't compare uh yourself
to any other app on the platform it's
not a valid argument um and I was like
this is one of the biggest apps on the
platform how is this possibly not a
valid argument you think people aren't
going to build things based off what
they see on your thing and they were
just like you can't compare to any other
app this is what we're telling you you
have to listen to what we say and it's
like okay because and that was also
really frustrating because I would
complain back when we were having a lot
of problems I would complain about us
getting blocked for x or y or B reason
and people would message me and tweet at
me and all this kind of stuff well my
app got through with whatever I'm like
yeah that doesn't mean anything in my
experience there's no like it's all
completely individual I'm having this
problem I'm now dealing with this person
on Apple side and it just is what it is
there's I can't make any arguments based
on precedent uh which is super
frustrating
um yeah which is how arguments work by
the way yeah precedent matters a
lot yeah like and and again you've got
to you've got to come back to would you
be okay with it if someone that you hate
did it so if Microsoft were to say oh
yeah you know um valve oh oh this okay
here here's here's a stupid thing you
know oh yeah you know valve is allowed
to have steam integrated enough into
Windows networking so that when you
switch to a wired connection it'll
automatically go faster and use that
wired connection but um you know you
play can't have can't have that so it'll
just stay on Wi-Fi unless you manually
disconnect your Wi-Fi and relaunch the
app and um yeah too bad it's different
rules for different applications you
you'd be furious you you you'd be
sitting there going well this is this is
ridiculous it's ridiculous that they're
gatekeeping this and that's exactly the
argument here you just you can't
gatekeep functionality like that um and
for anyone who's going to sort of back
at me yes you can apple did it the
answer is no you can't and the doj
finally woke up from its 25e Slumber and
figured it out
um at the time back back in
1998 you know I was 12 so I didn't
really understand I I used I used
Internet Explorer and I thought Internet
Explorer was fine because I didn't know
any better I had all I had ever touched
was uh Netscape Navigator which from my
perception was a piece of garbage did I
perceive it as a piece of garbage though
because of Microsoft's anti-competitive
practices that
effectively forced removed all of their
all of their funding maybe but as a as a
consumer I didn't understand the impact
that Microsoft's Behavior was having on
competing products and on their own
product all I saw was the convenience
just so convenient Windows comes with
Internet Explorer it's so natural of
course they're integrated because I was
just a I was a kid I didn't get it now I
am three times the age which has some
downsides
um but but definitely has some benefits
I I have I have the wisdom to look at
the vision what Microsoft did back then
to look at what apple is doing now and
see the knock on effects of this see the
way that this kind of platform
gatekeeping harms me even if I don't
understand it and if you are if you're a
user who loves the Apple
ecosystem let me let me try to attract
you with honey instead of vinegar this
time forcing Apple to compete harder is
going to be good for you you want a
hungry Apple you want a competitive
apple with bite you don't want an apple
that is just going to sit and get fat
and lazy and put billions of dollars
into vanity projects that they
ultimately cancel you want an apple that
is trying to make the iPhone better an
apple that recognizes like oh you know
there's a serious there's a serious you
know quality problem with um you know
what I'm just going to go after a lower
hanging fruit um you know oh there's a
there's a small percentage of users who
are still mad that you still can't move
around your app icons on the home screen
to your heart's content that you have to
create you know garbage folders wherever
you and and make them invisible wherever
you want to have an empty spot um we
should deal with that let's get hungry
let's fix problems um the fact that they
took what was it three or four years to
address those butterfly keyboards in
their MacBooks you don't want that
Apple you want the Apple that is that is
scared of losing market
share you want that you should know that
yeah
yeah you want the Apple that is going to
lower the price of iCloud because they
don't just get to stuff it down your
throat because they're forced to allow
other Cloud providers like man how
awesome would it be if someone like a
back Blaze had the same level of API
access and could have the same level of
integration with iOS all of a sudden you
wouldn't have to pay for freaking
iCloud back Blaze is a perfectly good
service and if Apple was forced to allow
it onto their platform you would benefit
because they would have to compete with
iCloud instead of just I mean has the
pricing of iCloud when's the last time
the pricing of iCloud changed never mind
the pricing when's the minimum amount
that they've provided when's the last
time that
changed because it's like
nothing yeah I don't know I know um
there there's two interesting arguments
to go along with this as well um I got
both these from Theo but um one of them
is that this is this is a shout out to
us cuz it's bad for us but I I think he
was talking about places like twitch and
stuff mostly at the time um but
platforms that have a split with the
creators on the platform so flow plane
would be one of these twitch would be
one of these YouTube maybe I don't think
YouTube is largely operating this way
but it's going to impact them to a
certain degree even twitch it's only
part of Their audience that this is
going to impact but it is to a certain
degree um any platform where you're
splitting the income already this is an
additional split at and that's going to
hurt those platforms disproportionately
compared to other ones because uh like
flow plane for instance that's a much
bigger chunk that comes out of the pie
before we have to try to split it with
our creators that are on the platform so
it it splits and then it splits again
which is really really rough for for us
and then you have platforms that have
probably I I don't know the the other
argument floating around is that there's
there's platforms that are like carrying
the monetization of the App Store and
there's platforms that are mostly just
benefiting from it um because there's
platforms that are really big and very
important I think uh I think the example
that Theo used was like banking apps
banking apps are going to pay their
apple developer fee and then
nothing despite being a like huge
requirement in the modern era for people
to do banking with your bank at all is
to have a banking app so you would this
would be something that they would pay a
ton for but they're paying nothing so
effectively getting subsidized by the
the the Twitches the float planes the
the mo mobile apps with
microtransactions in them all all the
things that are actually flowing a lot
of money through this 30% cut is
effectively subsidizing these other in a
lot of cases enormous companies that
just have to pay their developer fee or
nothing if they're on the uh Google Play
Store but it's both of those situations
are like this doesn't feel like right
this doesn't feel
good I don't know
oh and there's no incentive for Apple to
change it no no I'm here and there's no
incentive for Apple to change any of
that as long as they're making money
yeah hand over fist I might add yeah and
if they're if they're not if they are
not um required to compete with anybody
if they're able to just sit and maintain
the status quo as long as it's
comfortable and that's exactly what
these kinds of antitrust cases are
designed to combat is complacency in
Comfort to force them to compete hard
and everyone absolutely everyone unless
you own a whole bunch of Apple stock
should be rooting for that and you know
what even if you own a whole bunch of
Apple stock you should still be rooting
for it did did Microsoft get crippled by
the 1998
antitrust was decoupling windows and
Internet Explorer actually I'm I'm
talking now long term because long term
they're doing they're doing great right
now they're crushing right now to be
honest I'm I'm not an accountant okay
this is not Financial advice but pretty
much anyone smart that you talk to who
treats stocks like anything other than
gambling is going to tell you you are
buying these for the long term you're
buying it because it's a company that
you believe in because it's a vision you
believe in it's something that you
understand that's how you're actually
supposed to buy stocks because you're
supposed to be instead of trying to time
the market you're supposed to be going
for time in Market knowing that you know
historically it has grown at X rate and
whatever the case may be um so with that
in mind if you bought Microsoft
long are you are you a sad camper today
because of that lawsuit especially if
you actually bought it right when that
lawsuit came in you're you're probably
doing super
well because because they had to they
had to fight they had to actually try
and you know what have they learned
anything in the long term I think no
their Shenanigans with Edge these days
honestly are probably worse than what
they were doing with Internet Explorer
back in the 90s however with that said
what I hope is that the doj wins an
enormous settlement here and we see a
bit of a return to good behavior because
man has Edge ever gotten annoying I
would love to see them go after
Microsoft again honestly I would just
love to see the doj get 10x the staff
and see them go after a whole bunch of
the just clown show behavior that we've
seen around right to repair around
anti-competitive practices around wal
Garden ecosystems I'm just so tired of
it and I'm tired of us accepting it it's
really
frustrating yeah yeah HP printers let's
go man I'm I'm kind of wondering I've
been I've this been on my radar for a
little bit I don't think they're in a
spot right now for it to be a thing but
some of the actions that Microsoft has
been taking towards AI stuff has me
going like you guys releasing the Beast
again like what's going on here are you
guys trying to completely control the
entire AI space or no cuz sometimes it's
like it get a little close but they
haven't they haven't actually done it
yet but uh I wonder if this is going to
feel like a shot across the bow I don't
know we'll see I hope so I hope they're
trying to make an example of them the
fact that it's so so broad to me yeah
they're going after everything I can see
where people are coming from going like
oh this is it's messy but the fact that
it's so Broad in my mind is more of an
indication that they are going for
damage here so that I think they know
they're not going to win everything yeah
but if they just if they're coming in
going okay full broadside
this is going to hurt and even if it
doesn't hurt that much in terms of the
final settlement this is going to be
such a distraction this is going to be
so costly in just in terms of the
opportunity cost in terms of the time
wasted I think the message to Apple is
play nice or this is going to be an
ongoing problem you are going to be
defending yourself on all fronts and I
just I
hope I hope they stick to it
yeah yeah that said it's an election
year so who knows right yeah that's true
I um priorities change so fast in
American politics these days well yeah
you can't even just specify America
there but yeah I agreed um yeah it's uh
it's interesting because most people
that I know because yeah like you you
were 12 or whatever I was like nine I
don't know um when the Microsoft thing
happened most people talking to them
about the about what happened um if you
you've talked to about like how that
felt back then and what they think about
the ramifications of it etc etc etc most
sentiment that I have seen is that they
wish that this type of thing happened
more often what happened to more
companies they'll point at some company
now that's doing something and be like
why aren't they going after them so yeah
I think we should be happy that the
people that if you're American I guess
are you're you're paying them to do
their job you should be happy I guess
that they're doing their job um and
hopefully they they keep doing it
because antiv is bad we can all wish
they should do more of their job 100%
I'm with you they should do more of
their job but you know let's take what
we can get yeah this is good this is
good and like yeah I'm not American and
a lot of you are probably not American
but Apple being an American company is
most vulnerable on American soil
and Apple's is it their largest market
or is it China now but at least one of
their biggest markets it's either one or
two I can't remember but this being's
biggest or second biggest Market um
anything that Apple has to do for their
American customers is very likely to
trickle down to everyone else so it's a
very very good thing for everyone else
um yeah Jed Ora over on Twitch says the
lawsuit reads like it was written by
someone that was really Tech illiterate
they blame Apple for the death of
Windows phone and others instead of
those companies making bad moves and
that's a really good point uh I've I
haven't read it
Pages or however many pages it I I
haven't read it but I've skimmed a
little bit of it and I've looked at some
highlights of it that people have been
talking about on Reddit that really
do emphasize what you're talking about
you're not wrong there are definitely
some areas where it could have been
improved by bringing in someone who
really understands Tech and the history
behind some of these
things but
again I I get that government competence
is not going to be as high as private
sector competence and I understand that
the doj is going to lose a lot of this
um all I can hope for is that they win
enough that we see a sizable enough
settlement that apple is sufficiently
wrist slapped to change their behavior
in at least a temp for at
least some temporary amount of time and
that it causes every the rest of the
industry to kind of wake up and go woo
hold on a second like okay a great
example this was when the FCC went after
that uh that Xbox promotion where twitch
streamers weren't disclosing that they
were paid to play games on Xbox this was
back around the launch of the Xbox
One it never got followed up as far as I
can tell I don't think we saw let alone
a high-profile case I don't think we saw
a single additional case going after
this kind of undisclosed uh product
sponsorship um and paid sponsorship but
what I will say
is it brought about a significant shift
it didn't clean the industry up
completely there's still companies out
there and there's still many many many
influencers out there that are doing
dirty deals undisclosed deals but
compared to what it was before then when
it was complete Yeehaw like just wild
west um I would say that it is markedly
improved even now even eight years later
or whatever we're up to eight or nine
years later so I I I I am
uncharacteristically optimistic is it
naive maybe but we saw a big change in
Microsoft's behavior for a long time in
1998 we saw a big change in Advertiser
and influence behavior at least
temporarily um back when the FCC hit
Microsoft for that Xbox promotion and I
would I'm hoping I'm hoping that we uh
Avon fox in flan says it's now
fashionable to say you disclose yeah it
is and some people don't some people
fashion say they disclose and they
disclose Sometimes some of that is an
extremely major shift in viewer
sentiment about creators monetizing
their stuff extremely major when we
first
started any form of monetization no
matter what you would get very
significant hate and like a lot of it
from a lot of people people are really
mad these days if you don't monetize
your stuff people are like what are you
doing you need to make money so you can
do this as a career you need to monetize
your stuff Play Those ads on ttch yeah
that's that's like super common these
days it is completely flipped so back in
the day disclosing that you had this
this is why doing stuff like that is bad
disclosing that you had some type of
agreement back in the day would have got
you significant hate and potentially
lost you viewers and these days
disclosing that you have it people are
going to cheer for you and hope that you
do better it has changed so much it's
actually wild yeah unless they don't
like the company that you have the
agreement with but like in general it's
seen positively anyways moving on topic
two speaking about phones Windows phones
Apple phones whatever minimal it's like
a Kindle but it's a
phone startup minimal launched a
crowdfunding campaign for what they're
calling the minimal phone earlier this
month while they haven't yet hit
production they have a working prototype
for a smartphone with a 3 and 1/2 in
monochrome eink screen and a physical
keyboard it has 4 gigs of RAM 128 gigs
of storage the phone's OS is a custom
version of Android 13 and the phone has
app Bluetooth and 5G support despite
that it's
15hz eink screen makes it unsuitable for
watching videos or playing games the
phone includes an 8 megapix front camera
and a 16 megapixel main camera minimal
is currently aiming for a $350 price tag
actually quite hey L do you want to uh
maybe show the people the
phone real quick can I oh you mean on my
screen I understand I was like wait do I
have one here yeah I can't screen share
this week be on scare Duty we're working
on it here we go here's their
Kickstarter or Indiegogo page I guess
not Kickstarter but yeah Big keyboard
very very Blackberry Vibes um this looks
like some form of text messaging
application I'm not sure what one um and
it lookss like it would work fine for
that eink display querty keyboard 300
PPI I gotta say Luke I think it's super
cool but I am not into the physical
keyboard I I get why they're doing it
what I found is that even on a device
that has the horsepower to be responsive
typing on a nonresponsive screen
technology is a big problem
because you
Visual and I'm one of those one of those
weirdos who doesn't keep haptics on so I
don't get haptic feedback what the I
type I rely on the little yeah I rely on
the little well what I find is they're
on most devices too laggy so it's a
habit that I that I fell out of when
phones every month um on some of them
the ha leggy and so sloppy that it was
just yucky
uh so I would so I would turn off my
hack and I'm just used to it so I kind
of rely on popping up under my fingers
and I rely on my complete really
responsive to to type quickly we're
we're like losing I don't think Dan's
here
though your audio is getting really bad
and I think Dan left so I don't think
there's any fixes coming for it we can
hear you but it's cutting out like half
of every word basically oh cool
Dan return okay well um with h physical
not not too great not too into the
physical keyboard their their Indiegogo
Page by the way is is saying 4G so I'm
not sure if the notes are wrong or if um
something's going on here but yeah the
the the essential features here says
says 4G
LTE
um I yeah I don't know I haven't used a
physical keyboard attached to a phone in
so long that I don't know if I I can
really say I feel like I would like it
or at least be okay with it but I I
wouldn't really know until I actually
tried it I
do yeah I don't know I do very much
you oh I don't necessarily miss it you
remember how good it was no no I'm
talking to Dan oh actually no I changed
my statement I missed the blackberries
swipe navigation system that was what I
miss I don't yeah the keyboard I don't
care about
you it because what yeah I was saying
you you missed the keyboard because it
was so much better than not having a
keyboard back then it was so much better
than T9 typing yeah but I went back to
it for a little bit for a short circuit
video um and
it's it's it's a I'm sitting there going
it's fine as long as absolutely
everything you want to type is Alpha and
you know as a bit of an alpha myself you
know I'm in the manav verse uh you know
um uh I can't I can't even man what's
what can you think of the toxic manae
thing uh uh can't think of anything you
have red pills in your vitamins every
day I don't know yeah yeah yeah well
that's that's good that's good uh how
many how many manae creators do you
follow
influencers I don't think so
um trucks although I get them trucks and
guns it shows up in my feet it shows up
in my feet a lot because I like working
out in chess um so YouTube is like you
like working out and you like chess you
must be into this stuff and I'm like get
out of here I don't want it you're our
demo yeah you
stop do you have any idea as a as a
married late 30s something how much
promotion I get for like secret meets
and like Ashley madis and I'm just like
how many times do I have to tell you how
many times I got to tell you I'm not
interested in this like not everyone who
married is is
abstinent yeah that's that's unfortunate
I'm doing fine I uh I it's a good thing
it's not unfortunate wow I'm telling
Ivon you said
that that's not what I meant
um uh the the the minimal phone I don't
know I don't know if I'm necessarily
into the keyboard or not sorry we're
fighting with latency I don't know if
I'm necessarily into the keyboard or not
but I am definitely interested in the
concept I think the $350 price tag might
actually be pretty good especially once
you start being able to pick up the uh
pick these up used um but I I think that
there is a a fairly considerable war
going on for like time and mind space
and I think people are starting to
recognize and understand that um um and
I think tools like this could be very
good because something that I've heard
from do we lose lonus or is he just very
still I can't tell he's very still okay
um something that I've heard because
I've been encouraging people to turn on
screen time limits on their phone um
because like I have like uh Instagram
for instance my brother my buddy darus
and my and my girlfriend will send me
Instagram things every once in a while
so I check their their uh their shared
things on there but I have it limited to
like 5 minutes so that if I accidentally
get stuck onto the homepage and start
Doom scrolling it'll just shut it down
for me but something that's ridiculous
about that is when it shuts it down for
me it'll go you're out of time do you
want to go to settings and give yourself
more time like are you kidding me yeah I
know for me that works I I won't go to
settings I'll leave it and I'll just
close the app a lot of people have
communicated to me the second that comes
up they're going to settings they're
increasing their time it does nothing so
like it would be actually nice to be
able to have something that you like
can't necessarily do that with like
maybe Instagram does work on here but it
said it's not good enough for games you
want to put Net Nanny on your phone like
self-inflicted yeah I want to be able to
yeah yeah I I want to like I want I want
it to be harder to turn it off you want
five more minutes yeah like that you oh
man something like that alarm clock
remember that alarm clock that you had
for a little bit that would jump up and
run around the room and you had to go
chase it in order to to disable it yeah
until I booted like that where you have
to where you have to do some kind of
cumbersome thing and I think I
definitely see where that could be where
that could be a problem like that could
be a problem if for some reason you were
to set your phone app to be time limited
and you needed to place an emergency
call or something like that like I can
see from a from a safety standpoint
where there could be a situation where
where this is a problem but I also
think that for certain classes of apps I
agree with you 100% that there should be
hardcore mode there should be like like
you said get your get your heart get
your heart rate above 120 for 15 minutes
and you can have your Instagram back for
I would love that I I would actually I
would prefer that over my five minute
thing because then if I if I want it if
I'm like yeah I I oh man it would be
cool too if it only bought you a little
bit more
time okay Luke tell me this I love this
tell me this wait wait tell me
this would you buy a product oh man we
are going way off we are going way off
topic here would you buy a product that
was essentially a lock boox okay a lock
box for your peripheral plugs so you
can't just like unplug them and plug
something else in okay and then what it
is is a an inter an inter not like an
interposer like a pass through
essentially it's like a pass through
dongle for your mouse board and game
controller okay and it has some kind of
API integration with games so that you
could actually do you are forced to do
that thing you tell yourself you're
going to do which is every time you hit
a load screen do 10 push-ups or whatever
so it has like webcam thing and it's
like I am not I am actually not going to
give you back your keyboard mouse drop
down and give me 10 Soldier you know
like every time you're in a loading
screen or whatever like dude would you
pay for that product 100% that's so sick
actually I wasn't sure where you were
going with that for like a while but I'm
I'm super into that because my thing is
I will do it I'll have like The
Willpower to do it but I'll
forget it it won't be that I'm like oh I
just really don't want to so I'm not
going to I'll just you know I'm playing
a game I'm I'm more focused on like that
I'm really annoyed that that guy just
killed me or whatever and I I forget
this plan that I had so I'll do it like
a few times and then I I'll forget so if
this thing is uh is is going to jump in
and be like no like you just died or you
just uh hit a loading screen like you
said or whatever else like whatever
event that you planned out happened now
you have to go do that thing um sit-ups
or push-ups or or whatever it is that
would be
awesome so sweet I think everyone
everyone knows what's good for them and
everyone has
Willow
sometimes so the the really critical I
don't want to I don't know what to call
it is it a peripheral is it a is it a
system whatever it is the really
integral element is locking down your
system so that you can't just plug in
another set of peripherals so that your
peripherals are are are stuck connect ed
through the the translation dongle so
that the removal of it is extremely
inconvenient so kind of like the the app
time limit where you can uh where you
have to like do something in order to
overcome it there needs to be like a
like an accountabil buddy you know
someone else to enter a password for you
and it's one of those things where you
could set it up you could set it that up
one time while you've got the willpower
right but it's all about not you know
not giving you an easy out like
obviously if you need to just use your
computer and your arms are tired at some
point you've got a book report due right
like obviously that's a different
situation and your accountability buddy
I'm sure would be happy to unlock your
system for you accountabil bu but in
every other situation if you're just
gaming oh I ripped it off South Park
that's not my word all right but if I
but but if if I'm just gaming or
whatever there should be no convenient
way to keep going and honestly if the
outcome is that you just kind of go
screw it I don't need to game that badly
anymore I'm g go touch grass you know
what that's pretty good too I don't see
I don't see a problem with that Lis just
came up with the next hot accessory for
streamers honestly a lot of the big
streamers would be into it and I think a
lot of them super wouldn't oh yeah like
based on the physique I could definitely
see like man some of those guys are
shredded I'm sitting here going do you
do anything but sit at your computer or
sit in the gym that sounds like a pretty
I don't see how you have time for I'm
into that that that is that is my goal
most of the time to be completely honest
lifting and clicking on heads that's the
life you want buddy
yeah um I'm trying to find mine I always
creatine and G
fuel I I don't need no protein shake I
subsist on
salt oh yeah you got to get that soilent
yeah okay yeah here we go I found it so
like my limits right now is I have five
minutes on Instagram I have uh 5 minutes
on X and I have 10 minutes on YouTube
and my thing is
like the it might not sound super long
for each one of
those if you if you combine that that's
a significant amount of time to just be
staring at my
screen like doing nothing of value to be
completely honest because if I'm
watching YouTube on my phone for example
I'm not going to be watching something
of significant value I'm going to be
like on the toilet watching a short or
something and then if that ends I don't
want to start Doom scrolling so like it
yeah it should lock it and then it's
over and then that's fine and my average
since I started doing this my average
screen time per day total has been
steadily going down which is good
interested to see interested to see them
Implement a per domain limit in Chrome
because I don't necessarily want to not
be
able for example I don't use the Reddit
app but if I you know if I'm just like
yeah I don't want to be on on Reddit
more than 10 minutes a day I I'd love to
be able to set it so that that domain
just won't uh won't refresh anymore but
that's really cool I like that I don't
think that's a feature but that's really
cool I I do use the Reddit
app and I think I have mine locked down
it's just not showing because I haven't
opened Reddit in a while but I have a
timer on that one too I just try to stay
away from Reddit a little bit these days
um but yeah I've I've any anything that
I'm like opening if I notice like yeah
like my buy a incredible amount my most
used app is YouTube music which is
fine uh and then it's like teams and
slack and stuff like it's that has that
has been a pretty big Improvement like
this um let's
see yeah screen time YouTube music for
two and a half hours that doesn't
actually seem believable I bet you my
screen was locked but
whatever maybe it got bumped and it was
open or something but um yeah screen
time is going down which is good I I
think it's
like it's actually wild um how negative
it is for for you so buying something
like minimal phone or if some other
product comes out similar to what lonus
is talking about and using it to
honestly better your life I think is
like super valuable just Doom scrolling
like there's a there's a reason why
using the web back in the day used to be
called surfing the web and why using the
web these days is often referred to as
Doom scrolling like it it used to be a
bit different than it is now and the the
thing that it is now is honestly very uh
competitive for your brain space and I
think you should do active things in
order to like Wrangle control of your
brain back because there's billions and
billions and billions of dollars right
now right not necessarily but I think
you should be conscious about what
you're doing on YouTube well you could
do it on your
computer a lot of it's like being on the
phone yeah that too done easy um a lot
of it in my opinion is just literally
specifically being on the phone because
like I mean I mean the posture of it
what you end up physically doing not
very good Etc but oh I am dude I am so
unhappy with like my typical like neck
posture and it's one of those things
where like I I try to be aware of it a
bit but it's like it's hard try using
your phone like this like no one does
this no nobody's doing this like you
watch people walk around no one's
walking around like this like everyone's
walking around down like this it's bad y
it's not good okay's this thing the rest
of the show also I'm loving how well
this lines up right now in spite of my
head being super tiny it is pretty good
there's this whole thing about like um
it's not necessarily so much posture
itself although posture might be more
aesthetic but if you think about the
simple idea of weight being supported by
bone I think is exactly how it said
weight being supported by bone instead
of weight being supported by muscle if
you're curled like this your muscles
trying to hold yourself together and if
you're straight up your bone is just
sitting on itself it's way better for
you a lot better for
you there we go uh do you want to
explain merch
messages oh right yes merch messages are
the way to interact with the show uh
don't buy a twitch bit don't buy a Super
Chat merch messages are the way to go
all you got to do is head to LTT
store.com where we've got a few updates
for you guys and in when you're in the
cart there'll be a little box anytime
we're live and you can leave a merch
message it'll go to producer Dan who I
would normally uh Hey Luke's gonna do it
no he's not I saw his hand reach for
what I thought was a it actually
controls
you there's lonus wait for some yeah
okay whatever okay fine well it'll go to
producer Dan who will curate your
message for me and Luke to talk about or
reply to it himself or just pop it up on
the bottom of the screen so that you
guys can uh see a little shout out for
your mom or a proposal for your loved
ones or you know whatever the case may
be uh we have actually we have actually
had people propose on W show before
which I think is pretty funny uh anyway
the point is we will try our best to
respond to your merch message in some
way last week was an example of a week
where we did not get to all of them
because there was like a thousand or
something um but the worst case scenario
is you'll get some quality merchandises
the mail instead of just throwing money
at a screen which has always offended me
a little bit um no you know nothing
against the streamers who rely on that
and the people who enjoy that kind of
thing yeah it's just not my jam and I I
I like that if you're going to spend
money you should you should definitely
get some quality merchandise in return
uh so before we do a few merch messages
to show you guys how it works I have a
couple of little uh merch updates for
the store uh retro screwdriver uh is
still running with free shipping for
your entire order um we had a couple
people ask us yes this temporary deal
which ends March 29th is applicable to
International orders so if you haven't
picked up a screwdriver yet the time to
do it is now pick up the Retro
screwdriver Luke do you want to pull
that up on the screen sure pick up the
Retro colorway of the screwdriver you
will get free shipping on your entire
order that is internationally so um hey
do me a favor grab a few other things
while you're at it that would be great
because international shipping is pretty
expensive and this is a good time to
just grab anything else that you want
from the store because hey free shipping
um might I recommend our new cable
management arches we've also got uh what
what else is really cool and people are
super into Tech saac um is in stock
right now and has really good reviews
yeah magnetic man dude I wasn't sure
Luke I love this I wasn't sure this was
one of those products that um I was like
do people want ugle management solution
this badly I don't know turns out the
answer is yes it just looks so good
these
things are crushing it um they're
absolutely crushing it it's just like
every every frustration that I've ever
had with like oh I used zip ties this
time now I need to go get zip forget it
I'm just not going to going to bother or
like the velcro ties you know Long Live
velcro ties they're great but they're
not perfect they're such a if you use
them properly and really cinch them
tight they's such a pain in the butt to
add something to magnetism man magnets
they fix it how do they work freaking
love them well is the one of the top
uploaded things on the Reddit right now
is someone using one of the Arches to
open their fridge that has a broken
hand I wonder if I can find that the
magets are super
strong um
just trying to think what else is uh
what else is great to pick up on the
store man we launched so many products
that I feel like some things end up kind
of buried uh the Dropout hoodie that I'm
wearing that's a that's a really good
one it's super
comfy man gear
um
yeah oh the Steve the Steve is doing
really well that uh that mock neck
speaking of the show being largely about
Apple this week
anyway yeah so LTT store.com anyway Dan
do you want to show what a curated merch
message looks like Sure hold on we're
looking at the the fridge door he just
used the normal magnets now he's using
ours
nice nice we'll watch it again it's only
11 seconds so he's got a stack of
magnets which then being in a stack can
help two stacks two stack oh I even
notice yeah he's got two stacks and then
just yeah one
handle they also sell a bigger size if
you want to be able to get more fingers
in
there all right anyways curated merch
Mage that was unintentional I'm very
sorry I'm not a very good shill not
sorry I am sorry I'm blushing uh you
have always recommended dram ssds but
unfortunately most ssds only have SLC
cash has your opinion on dless ssds
changed much sometimes you guys use them
in your builds like sabr
so
I it's one of those things where I feel
like and you know what I don't have
unfortunately I don't have a I don't
have a rational uh basis for this and
sometimes things are sometimes things do
be like that though um I feel like dless
is still the way that I would go if I
could if I could afford the extra in a
particular budget for my build and the
reason for that is that it does put a
little bit less stress on the nand in
the long term is this going to be a
problem within the
reasonable life life expectancy of an
SSD probably not using using the The
nand Flash as an SLC cache to accelerate
the fun the the drive or using system
memory so so many ssds these days
support using a little bit of system
system memory to um to make up for the
function of a of a dedicated Dam cache
on your SSD and that aside from the
small performance hit is not problematic
at all uh relying on the nand itself to
accelerate the SSD um can cause a little
bit of extra wear even then is that
going to be a problem in the long term
um probably not you know I think that in
the early days of ssds especially when
we were using SLC or two bit Percell mlc
there was a lot of hand ringing and
stress about how our ssds had a finite
number of right cycles and they were
only going to last for a little while
and they basically had a had a countdown
timer they had a ticking clock on them
and and and we we stressed a lot about
it and some of that was valid especially
for like an Enterprise application where
these things are going to be overwritten
you know multiple times per day but for
the average user I mean think about it
how how often are you
overwriting that SSD and if it can
support hundreds or in some cases
thousands of cycles of being overwritten
is that really ever going to be a
problem
um yeah so it's not rational but I would
still I would still take a dam cash SSD
over a over a dless SSD assuming that
you know they're at the same price
um I don't know that I would
but with that said if I were to buy a
system so let's say I picked up an Rog
Ally or a steam deck or a laptop and it
had a dless SSD in it am I going to
notice am I going to bother to replace
it no and especially if I was picking up
a game drive like a secondary game Drive
I don't know direct storage might matter
at some point the first couple of games
to implemented it hasn't really mattered
but for direct storage it might matter
at some point um so for like a secondary
game drive just my my game dump um would
I bother to get a d cash SSD absolutely
not for that where I'm not going to have
any data that matters and you know
everything could just be replaced
by downloading the games again from
Steam just get whatever the cheapest
possible storage from a a
reasonably respected brand would be um
inmore in float plane chat says them
King spec ssds die quickly though I I
mean that may be true that may not be
true that may be anecdotal I don't I
don't have any any trustworthy data on
whether kingspec ssds die quickly or not
but if they do I would say it's probably
less to do with the lack of dram cach
and probably more to do with the quality
of the nand there's been some recent
scandals particularly in USB thumb
drives and SD cards
around lowquality nand Flash from Rando
suppliers or in some cases used nand
being used in these devices that has an
extremely extremely short life cycle man
I would love to see that product the the
the
SSD nand USB thumb drive you know like
the the a grade nand chip thumb drive
I'm not aware of anybody who sells that
anymore premium thumb drives used to be
a thing from the lights of you know
brand like Patriot or whatever else but
I'm I'm not convinced that they exist
anymore apparently they exist okay does
anyone have an example who who makes who
makes that these
days uh build it yourself with an m.2 I
mean yes that is what I do
um apparently Corsair has one SanDisk
and Samsung have them but which one
specifically guys because don't tell me
that every Samsung one is a good is good
quality nand there's no way uh give me a
specific
model let's see Samsung bar plus someone
says I've never heard of a Samsung bar
plus me neither and apparently neither
have you you have no idea what you're
talking
about apparently the SanDisk one
terabyte extreme Pro
oh my
God okay I have to go back to this
unfortunately I can't share with you
guys right
now uh oh I couldn't find
it I I brought a bunch of Samsung Sound
Bars no I found bar pluses for sure how
did you not find it maybe you're on that
Japan
Google I'm trying to find the right one
and then I'm going to screen share yeah
you can force yourself on with you guys
no I don't think so I got this though
sir Samsung bar plus uh 3.1 flash drive
256 gigs speed in style move files in a
Flash rugged
refinement I'm not seeing like St it
says I can screen share look at that I
uh I totally didn't even know that was a
thing now how do I how do I make this
you make it big you need this quick well
no no it's fine it's fine hold on no
I'll just I'll just show you I'll just
show you okay so everything you're
looking at right here is a sponsored
Amazon
result it's really small you're looking
at right
here I'm highlighting it I see I see I
see everything you're looking at right
here is a spal result you're looking at
here is the same Amazon result but not
sponsored wow and then this is people
also
ask that is about old at 100% scaling at
I believe this is a 1440p
display
unbelievable I have to go here to find
oh wait is that this result no this is a
different WD page this may be the actual
result right under the fold so you can
tell they totally knew they 100% knew
what I actually wanted
they just put it below the fold below
all their sponsored
crap anyway okay I'm going to stop
screen sharing now if I can figure out
how to do that oh I'm screening someone
someone suggested that I use kogi I'd
never heard of it apparently it's a
premium uh like pay to access I think
I'm not sure um okay so this is a
portable
SSD this is not what I was this is not
really a thumb drive I wanted something
in that thumb drive form
factor that is just using higher quality
nand like an SSD the bar plus is that
what the bar pluses it doesn't look very
big okay I'm gonna try searching for it
again oh my God karaoke I I have 100%
had normal flash drives that are that
are physically bigger than this 100%
multiple of
them oh yeah this one this one looks
fine okay so the bar plus is a
trustworthy drive to store your valuable
data okay so it looks like this is the
one this is the thing I want yeah with a
nice little on
it boom that's a lot of
time do they actually say like how many
how many total rights it's rated at or
are they just saying Samsung makes a lot
of Nan Flash and our experts in Nan
flash therefore you should trust
it cuz I don't actually see anything
that indicates exactly what n chips are
in this thing I'm not sure I can't find
that
either they just say it's fast uh and
and the reviews for this thing are
terrible are they they're most on
Samsung's own site the reviews are awful
start start scrolling
down yeah one and done stopped working
after 2 months far from announced speeds
poor right speeds protected registration
fast read speeds poor right speeds only
lasted seven months those are the first
eight reviews when I scroll down oh you
are on a different page than
me mine is like overall 4.5 I'm on the
Canada page I
guess my my top ones are.2 and has a lot
of negative ones my top ones are uh
impressive and stylish amazing high
quality flash drive solid secure never
fails future repeat customer here
durability yeah I don't
know I don't know man uh
Napalm uh in twitch chat in typical
twitch manner has apparently put their
life savings into Intel thanks for the
info guys I made it very clear that's
not Financial advice I don't want you to
do that please don't do that yeah don't
do that thank you bye apparently the bar
plus had some issues for a while with is
below 128
gigs so those might be okay which makes
sense or it might be that they're not
using super super great quality nand and
in lower capacities those low overall
rights are revealing themselves a lot
faster I wantan to I want to okay I'll
give a screen share for a second I don't
know how well you can see this Linus but
they show like you know the bar plus
deployed in a few different scenarios
it's on this guy like wrist uh bead
thingy like okay that looks pretty cool
it's probably really annoying having it
whack into your hand all the time and
then okay it's just plugged into a
laptop that's fine and then the weirdest
spot to permanently have a flash drive
like ever really just attached to the
pull tab of the side pocket of your
backpack have you seen the one that's in
the back of a shovel basically you're
telling what you're telling me you want
to see an even dummer over engineered
pull tab on the LT backpack going
forward P tab is the flash drive yes
yeah you see this and a carabiner with a
flash drive in it Carabiner and flash
drive there we go you listening to tan T
to redesign tinan is screaming back to
square one I can hear
him I can hear and to be clear guys when
I was talking about Intel I was talking
like very longterm I was talking like
multi-year Outlook so please I none of
it is financial advice I was just saying
I I like I like their trajectory
competing with tsmc and geopolitical
tensions around tsmc and Intel being a
place to Fab things I that that's that's
all I was saying I was saying I like gel
singer's Vision okay that's all I'm
saying yeah you like this stock damn it
you guys he just likes the stock there
you go I I just like the
stock not Financial advice for the time
yeah let's let's go I
do maybe we should move on to uh some
more topics about that
guys uh wait no we still need to do a
merch message uh sure okay we can do
another
one hi dlll and future me my question is
what do you guys think about non- major
brand gpus I've had an Ino 3D 390 for a
year now with no issues but I heard it's
not the case with Chinese
Brands 03d is
huge I forget who
um yeah in3d is PC
partner um so in3d is a flipping enor
enormous
aib uh so they own
Zotac uh inov Vision or Ino 3D um they
own hold on uh consumer
electronics um they're like a huge
OEM uh gaming here we
go man they do digital signage Logistics
Casino industry stuff yeah you you own a
major brand
GPU
yeah good job yeah oh
no new topic
now sure we get to game at work everyone
everyone the planet gets to game at work
now LinkedIn has confirmed that they
will be introducing gaming features and
that they are currently working on three
games called Queens inference and cross
climb it's unclear if linkedin's parent
company Microsoft will be involved in
any way other than owning the whole
company uh but it appears that these
games will be puzzle games like Wordle
or sodoku researcher Nema AI uh says
that the code for the new features
contains a leaderboard that ranks
companies by their employees in game
scores according to a LinkedIn
spokesperson the games are intended to
unlock a bit of fun deepen relationships
and hopefully spark the opportunity for
conversations which means everyone gets
to game at work
now just kidding this sounds really
dumb but that's
okay why are you being such a hater I
mean I can def what do they do they run
did LinkedIn run out of things to make
that that's my real
question you understand that this whole
thing was your idea
right was it wow Pro that could make
sense what did I say oh no oh no when
you took one
online okay so he cut out there but what
he what he was saying was when you took
one online 2014 yeah yeah sorry you're
cutting so I got to inform the people
got you back now so he's back now just
send it again you took one online course
in
gamification in 2014 I think it was or
2016 and you came back to work the next
day all fired up about your ideas for
turning basically everything on the LTT
Forum into some kind of gamified thing
everything from interacting with posts
to responding to them to updating
profile pictures was going to be
gamified and if I recall correctly we
actually put together we we put together
what was going to be like kind of a
compelling plan to make it like a tech
Hub um like buy sell trade was going to
be gamified in some way and there were
going to be incentives for like
participation and uh we were basically
like yeah we could like turn it into
like a social media platform essentially
by making like gamified and it was it
was actually a really cool idea and now
you're just mad because LinkedIn got
there
first yeah well we realized that forums
were horrendously dying and never coming
back so um kind of paused that plan a
little bit um but yeah I I don't
know I I guess they're taking game
vacation extremely literally here just
going like all right let's just add an
actual video game um which is kind of
sick
I I just I don't know it it it reeks of
like they either ran out of things to do
or they wanted to do some type of like
uh fun hackathon thingy and and people
ended up making games and they're like
should we do something with this sure
let's give it to the people
um I don't know it seems so odd I I
can't
imagine any comp there's going to be
like one company out there that for some
reason like cares about this a lot and
like actually has like dedicated time
for their people to like compete on
these games there's going to be one but
that company's going to be very silly I
don't think so and there's going to be
no more other than I think there's just
going to be people who just want to play
games and companies being kind of
annoyed about this I love the idea that
if you do play this at work your boss
will probably be able to see that you
did
that and be like hey wait what speaking
of should we get into to uh a big topic
here sure what
when glass door is not 100% Anonymous
glass door has been snitching according
to ours Technica software professional
who emailed glass stor customer support
to request the removal of information
from her decade old account instead
found that glassor took the name that
she provided in that email and added it
to her glass door profile without her
permission they then repeatedly denied
requests to remove her name from her
profile insisting that no one else would
see the information she then attempted
to delete the account but found that
this only deactivated the account and
didn't remove the problematic
information she finally requested a
complete data eraser which deleted the
glass door account but didn't delete the
associated Fishbowl account that glor
had created for her without her
permission glor acquired professional
networking site Fishbowl this is the
first I'm hearing of it in 2021 and
began integrating the two sites last
July including automatically signing up
glass door users for Fishbowl accounts I
don't think that's okay like as fish
requires user verification glassor has
begun requiring more information and has
changed its terms of service to include
language that says that they may update
your profile with information we obtain
from third
parties some users have reported details
like the name of their employer or home
City being changed without permission or
without a notification that new
information was sometimes seriously
inaccurate like a worker in California
being listed as living in
England glassor claims that they
vigorously defend their users right to
Anonymous free speech in court um so our
discussion question is does insisting on
collecting this information undermine
glass door's Mission and what is the
risk of keeping it and I think these are
fairly
self-explanatory yes collecting this
information does undermine glass door's
Mission and the risk of keeping it is
potentially outing whether it's
accidental or whether it's on purpose
potentially outing Anonymous
whistleblowers that rely on platforms
glass door in order to speak out against
their employee
employers by the way you're coming
through super we we were able to
understand all that but you are like
very lowquality roboting oh is it fixed
now I will shut up for a bit no yeah
you're you're roboting really heavy um
yeah it's that's that's a really that's
a rough one I I will warn people as well
that if you're not at a really big
company it can be pretty obvious who you
are when you leave a glass store so just
keep that in mind um but GL
yeah the whole idea of this is that it's
supposed to be super Anonymous so this
is pretty obviously pretty sketchy
what's the risk of keeping it uh the
risk of keeping it is really high
because you risk retaliation from from
the employer um and potentially
depending on what you write you risk
your higher ability uh because if a
prospective company is able to find the
glass door review that you're leaving
and it's like really really emotionally
charged or something like that it could
potentially hurt your higher ability
which uh well as is so often the case
the risk is not to glass door though
nothing will happen to them yep the risk
is just to their users that had no say
in any of this which is extremely
frustrating yeah definitely
absolutely uh something that isn't super
frustrating is steam families launching
in beta valve has launched steam
families on the steam beta client uh
which is in quote Oh we should do
sponsors the card is not there
we listen to the cards we should do
sponsors okay all right do you want me
to do it because you sound like robot
man yeah that would be good okay got it
uh let me know when you're ready
Dan wow so so respectful normally I
never get asked I'm always ready man
come on let's go all right
Jawa oh he is wow okay that was fast uh
have you had a terrible experience
buying or selling a used GPU on Facebook
Marketplace save yourself from all those
no shows and lowball offers with Jaa our
sponsor they're a Marketplace for gamers
by Gamers and they make selling your old
graphics card pretty simple if you want
to get rid of your gpus immediately Jawa
can buy them from you in a couple of
clicks you just follow the steps on
their site and get an instant quote and
a free shipping label most sellers will
get paid within one business day after
jawwa receives the part you can also
easily list and sell your old computer
or other components plus they have a ton
of experienced and verified Builders
offering rigs at prices far lower uh
than buying than buying pre pre-builts
straight from larger manufacturers Jawa
has a community of over 8,000 members on
Discord offering advice on buying
selling and troubleshooting go check
them out at the link below sell your old
graphics card and help offset the cost
of your new
upgrades ug green stop leaking your
personal photos and videos from your
decrypted cloud
storage oops I broke okay uh oh wow it's
fine just ignore it move on okay uh no
one wants to see them people want to see
lonus they just don't want to see your
uh you know your photos and videos from
your decrypted cloud storage including
hackers uh ug green is introducing their
Nas sync series uh it has a ton of
features including professional data
security features real-time protection
and scheduled scans keeping your data
safe from threats check out their dxp
4800 plus powered by a 12th
5 Core Intel processor it delivers uh
fast processing for smooth operation
with its 10 gig Network Port enjoy fast
download speeds of up to 1,250 megabits
per second that's one way to say that
when equipped with an SSD no more
awkward moments when you're trying to
show your grandma photos and it's just
too slow even for her it's equipped with
an 8 GB ddr5 memory expandable up to 6
uh sorry 64 gigs with the nas app you
can stream movies access photos transfer
and manage files easily plus the
integrated AI smart assistant lets you
search pictures by text that is save you
a lot of time genuinely if you s store a
lot of photos the nas sync dxp 4800 plus
has four Bays supporting up to 96
terabytes of storage capacity check out
the ugreen nas sync dxp 4800 plus and
its smaller brother the nas sync 480t
with four nvme slots uh below yeah
and last the apos white fox Eclipse we
worked with apos to release the set of
LT key caps announced earlier where you
can hit the banana key whenever you
desire or the boxer key or the
screwdriver key uh yeah it's uh it's
pretty great um don't worry if bananas
are not your thing they also want you
guys to to meet their white fox Eclipse
keyboard very clean very good-looking
show keyboard okay hold
on uh that I forgot to show off the
camera wasn't even on me here's the
white fox one one feature that I think
is pretty cool is you can just take that
off wow easy serviceability now you can
get those key caps clean them all nicely
and easily without screws all that type
of stuff I'll show the other one off
real
quick here's the LTT one so you can see
it's color themed including part of the
back plate which is pretty sweet you've
got your screwdriver button your ban a
button there's like a a widget thing
here there's boxers including a little
bit of a bulge it looks great feels
great good switches it's a normal size
bulge okay uh this 68 key mechanical
keyboard has the standard hot swappable
switches and Universal key cap
compatibility which is nice but what
makes it special is its carefully
crafted Parts such as a flexible PCB uh
with poron switch foam and vibration
isolating Edge gaskets
uh it can be used wired or wirelessly
via Bluetooth and is designed to sound
and look great it sounds amazing it
sounds very good I don't know if this
will come through should I put it out to
mik
[Music]
yep oh space bar is nice very nice yeah
had to include the space bar um they
have a few configurations like a high
body CNC which we have here so that's
the ones that you've seen as well as a
low body CNC and a standard plastic body
version so check it out using the link
below and use code lmg eclipse for 10%
off your purchase and if you bundle the
keyboard uh if you bundle the keyboard
up with the LTT key caps you can save
even more and that link will be down
there as
well cool sorry that was a lot all at
the same time working on that for you
lus
working on
what oh I can't do that for you because
I don't have access to that at all I
don't think I can hear him by the way uh
you should be able to hear him oh there
we go everything's fine I love it you
might have to ask your wife L nice
thanks oh no h that is not easy right
now Luke will have to do it for you then
I don't have access to any of those what
I I couldn't hear him what's happening
oh he was just just he is texting me
oh I can't access the um merch messages
dashboard because my work account
doesn't have access for some reason that
is because of Luke that um I think
that's Aon so now the workaround is I
have to lock into I have to log into
some account that I don't have the TFA
for to get access to a code for another
account that in order to get its tofa in
order to yeah so you can see where this
is going I I can't access the dashboard
do you need
it I mean it would be it'd be nice to be
able to access the dash you don't need
it also you could have prepared this oh
my God I don't think this is my
fault just because we have security
features access I don't think
[Music]
so yeah well okay actually your work
your work account is supposed to access
I think it does I think you're
wrong I think you're wrong he says use
Microsoft not Google use
Microsoft oh were you using Google well
why can't I use my because the if you
paid attention to Monday morning
meetings we migrated single sign on in
Monday morning me he's come to about as
many in emails he should know he's come
to about as many as you have
Luke got him I have a I'm I have my own
Monday morning meetings okay yeah well
where's our email blast for your Monday
morning meetings you don't need to know
I want to know what you're doing with
your full stack
systems how is kubernetes going I don't
know well I'm I'm doing a state of the
union next Monday so you'll you'll find
out some stuff then um apparent it's the
anniversary of the hack right now yeah
that's kind of cool is it really I wish
we were back there again crap has it
been a year I wish we were doing it
again dude I'm I'm working tomorrow I
could just stay here all night
I'm down I can work out and click on
heads I want I want this life want this
life that's all I need to be a happy boy
that's all I need if it's like oh I'm
sad it's like hm what have I not done in
a while is it either working out or is
it clicking on heads there's probably
one of them and if I do that thing I'll
probably no longer be sad anymore that's
usually how it works mhm
yep we've lost lus yeah he's gone I can
do nothing
no no I'm here he's not gone uh he's
trying to geta for his Microsoft account
now that's what I bet you that's what
he's
doing
yep request
denied I hate
so the Microsoft one is so annoying it
it does that so often it'll just be like
no
no you're not allowed you have to type
in a number and then you have to also
biometrically authenticate with your
phone it's like what how many times do
you
how and then you have to like to be able
to access the Microsoft authenticator
app you have to biometrically
authenticate and then to be able to
approve the login request you have to
biometrically authenticate again it's
like
bro come on this is why I just keep
everything on post
notes it says it doesn't have
access okay my bad we can fix
that I hate you
all I don't like being a real company
can we just go back to having one shared
Microsoft account we would probably save
money as well just have all the
usernames and passwords in a in a sheet
in a Google sheet again no we would need
we would need to log into Google to to
like get access to that I gotta I gotta
send a message so I remember to do this
next
week oh my God okay Dan what are we
supposed to be doing right now aren't we
supposed to be doing merch messages I
guess I guess I don't even know
anymore uh sure no no we're supposed to
do topics we finished merch messages and
then I was going to do another topic and
we went into sponsors yeah and then
after sponsors we do three more merch
messages we're back I was doing three
things at once during that sponsor seg
so sorry I didn't put the card up uh Hi
D during the GPU pandemic did you hear
anything about how sales of peripherals
were
affected probably they went up a lot
that would be my guess I mean almost
anything related to computers and
Technology went up a lot during the
pandemic and then went
down yeah hi bearded Tech guy one
bearded Tech Guy 2 and oh has the
preliminary data from the lab influenced
any personal purchases from any of y'all
yet either steering towards or away from
a
product not going to lie I was reading
FL plan chat I didn't hear that uh the
labs see this is why I need access to
the dashboard so there's a Galaxy S7
somewhere that I need a code from oh I I
can I can do that for
you oh my gosh
hi has the labs made you buy a product
yet because you saw good things
from uh the that thing no not for me
personally but I guarantee you that it
will eventually do I have to tap it'll
happen it it resulted in me getting a
product kind of the processor in my most
recent build oh oh boy oh yeah yeah 7800
X 3D the you got the worst of the best
yeah and then
and then got a better one it was dead
nice
yeah that worked for oh AJ says I should
have access now oh hey
nice brought to you by me on a random
train in Japan wait you guys are in the
same
country I didn't really put this
together until now AJ lonus is in Japan
no
way that's
hilarious that is hilarious
I hope you're enjoying your trip AJ and
lonus I mean we're both working
apparently
so yeah victory for me dude oh so good
could have some meetings oh man that's
really funny that's actually kind of
interesting uh like everyone I know is
going to Japan right now
dude yeah I was I was talking to someone
about this I showed the dashboard for a
second and then now it's prompting me
for a password
yeah well it loads without the like the
hooks or whatever so no data is actually
going to flow through the one that you
see for a second it's just the just the
front end um was I going to say I don't
like
technology uh I had something to say oh
yeah Japan was one of those countries
that stayed closed for a really long
time um so people that had wanted to go
visit there are are kind of all you know
they had to wait for a pretty
significant amount of time so people are
kind of rushing in right now
I think that's what's going on um they
also yeah there's also a super like
Budget Airline zip air that just opened
up Service Direct service from Vancouver
to Japan uh we have a friend that paid
like $700 each for direct flights and
like yeah sure it's economy or whatever
but like honestly I would rather sit in
economy on a on a newly retrofitted
plane than sit in business class on an
old plane like they have these little
trays that fit your phone and it's just
like oh this is great this is they they
have no on built-in Entertainment System
but they have somewhere for me to put
the one I brought with me which is
perfect and exactly what I wanted anyway
uh so I set up my kids with a switch
sitting in there and all three of them
side by side and they just like were
able to play switch games uh so yeah
they had a pretty good flight honestly
um I would love it if the screens on
planes just had an HDMI in and you could
just
use
um did a correct got okay okay
Che um
okay a more I want to talk about you
being in Japan but we should do more
merch messages sure we should keep that
rolling uh a long while back there was a
frequent string of shows where either
one of you both couldn't make it since
then you've been been in you've been on
a zero Miss streak was it an attempt to
test the waters on many
hosts no it was um basically us kind of
accepting that we couldn't make it to
the show sometimes and being totally
fine with someone else hosting it and
then we were totally both able to make
it to the show for a very very very long
time because of various lockdown related
reasons we weren't going anywhere we
weren't doing anything so we were always
on Wow and then it's just become a
meaningless dick measuring competition
to see who can keep the street going the
longest and if there's one thing that
neither Luke nor I will accept it's that
um one of us definitely has a bigger
dick it isn't me and
um I'll never admit
it oh I guess that means I'm here to
keep both of you honest there's now no
excuse for the wano to not
happen yeah so through through various
sicknesses and various vacations and
various time zones and Etc we've just
always somehow made it
work yep yep and I and now that we've
both made it work um there's just like
neither of us is going to back down no
matter no matter how much we both know
the answer I I've had I've had the like
Theory craft of like if I end up in the
hospital can I convince them to like
give me a laptop with a webcam so I can
do w i i have actually thought about
that like okay so lonus is in the
hospital is it go to make him do the WAN
show still uh like who would who would
have power who would have power of
attorney all right you okay you know
what she'll enable this could Ivon
appear in my St does does that work does
it work like that no no I think Ivon is
me legally no no no no if she had power
of attorney to let me point a camera at
you if you are unconscious then that's
okay uh but you you I think that's fair
that's what I'm asking basically that's
what I'm asking yeah so if if she talks
and I just am and I'm just your
unconscious body yeah that's fair I have
I have planned for these contingen count
I think that counts yep okay I think
that counts I think that counts
excellent yeah and honestly if if all
three of us agree then it it just does I
think lus would be more upset if he
missed wano while he was unconscious
yeah honestly me too honestly I'd wake
up I'd wake up extremely angry yeah yes
like what do you mean way back down my
life
over I lost to Luke it's over it's done
take me out coach coma show oh man oh
man if the show starts too late it ends
up like that
honestly I think we're pretty good at
keeping energy up not always I guess uh
let's see yeah do you want any more we
one more I think sure as a physician we
take patient privacy seriously we can
lose our jobs or be fined if patient
identifiers leak what would you say is
an appropriate fine for companies having
customer data
stolen oh yeah this one's really rough
cuz
like oh
man what constitutes customer data and
like now you're kind of weaponizing like
if if you have a competitor now you have
a weapon of either putting a bounty on
them or trying to do it yourself like
breaking into their stuff and then
leaking their data so that you can get
them
crushed um
that's an interesting angle I didn't
really think of like it's it's actually
an issue because companies that do a
very significant amount to protect their
customers data do sometimes get broken
into you know like yeah
oh and it's it's one of those things
where it's like who's liable if
something gets really like stolen like
not not leaked not carelessly like if if
if
if you put a lock on your door and you
have an alarm system and you have a dog
and someone breaks into your house and
takes your stuff and the insurance
company is basically just like I don't
know yeah you should have had a
automated
turret um no coverage you're going to be
mad right like why is it is it on you're
the victim
actually yikes yeah like do we really
just want to line a bunch of insurance
company's Pockets because every company
is now going to need mad insurance for
this I don't know it's it's a tough one
for me I think I think in general for
most sites and services people just need
to be more aware that they're sharing
their data and potentially just not
sometimes if they're uncomfortable with
it um cough cough things like 23 and me
and stuff like that um and with other
things like when it starts to touch
things like medical and and and whatnot
um maybe maybe certain levels of
personal data should have something like
that on it uh to try to push companies
to try to make sure that they have good
security practices and maybe yeah maybe
have insurance in place so that if if
People's identities are stolen or
whatnot because of this that that
insurance can step in and give them a
certain amount of payout so they can
have money uh in the bank to deal with
the financial ramifications of that
scenario
um security is barely thought about
that's just not true dude um it's like
actually not true
um it depends security is barely thought
about at some very tiny companies that
can't do it because having a full-time
security specialist on your staff is
going to be very expensive uh developers
are very expensive as is and then having
one specialized on something assum you
find one that's actually good and not
just bsing you and you just don't
understand it well enough to know if
they're actually doing a good job 100%
that's a big thing and is that one
person enough to hold back The Horde um
and even if you have a super super super
good security team you're still going to
have vulnerabilities here or there so
like it might still
happen I don't know it's
um it's tough I would love to I'm
usually on the like you know find them
harder crush the companies kind of side
of things um and I know this might be
this might seem hypocritical because I
run a web company thatch technically has
some amount of user data but I just I
don't think all things are equal here
um negligence is the big one but I don't
know exactly how to define it yeah how
do you how do you really get someone on
that
um like like if we if we think about the
Forum
leak like you you brought up earlier if
you think of someone if you think this
thing that this company you like is
doing is good if you had a company that
you didn't like doing the same thing
would you still think it's good well
it's like okay let's flip it
around if you if you think finding these
companies for this thing is good are you
just as okay with that fine applying to
you if that happens to you that's what
that's how I'm trying to kind of place
it right now so like when the Forum leak
happened it's like yeah it sucked do I
think we should have been fined for that
I don't really think so I don't think we
did anything particularly wrong and I
don't think that the that the data that
was on the
Forum was like really too crushing for
anybody I think the main bad part was um
like you know you probably shouldn't
have two passwords used in the same spot
um it wasn't really that big of deal at
the end day two yeah yeah yeah sorry
um but if you're a a
bank or uh I don't know someone who
deals with like passport details or um
sure medical things or things of super
high value numers or social insurance
numbers yeah maybe there should be more
precedents on there I don't know
necessarily what those requirements
would have to be but like yeah I don't
know I I think it should maybe be a
sliding scale is what I'm trying to
say and to be clear neither of us are
condoning in any way the sale of this
private data and then you know the
subsequent leakage of it from somewhere
else I mean that that is 100% on you you
should be fined into Oblivion but but in
terms of just absolutely destroying any
company that has one employee
potentially make a
mistake and they were doing their best
like uh I don't necessarily think that
that's going to be sustainable
either can we talk about steam families
now though yeah let's jump let's jump
back to that speaking of things that
were unsustainable playing games with my
kids is a huge problem because up until
now
um every kid needs their own copy of
everything every kid needs their own
copy of everything and that will still
be true to an extent for anything that's
online based multiplayer where we all
want to play at the same time but one of
the bigger problems for me has been that
unlike you know 10 20 years ago where I
could buy a library of games and anyone
could play any one of those games at a
time without interfering with the others
the way that it's worked on steam up
until now you can share your library
with your family but only one of you can
use that library at a time and it didn't
used to be such a big problem because
offline mode was a was a pretty good
workaround you could just launch the
game on one machine go offline then
launch a different game on another
machine and leave that one online if
they're playing something that requires
multiplayer or in many cases you could
just get away with it you could just
launch the games one after another and
it would just kind of work even though
strictly speaking it wasn't supposed to
work but then valve locked down offline
mode a lot more they do a lot more
online checks and it got to the point
where it wasn't doable and they started
enforcing their one game from a
library um per in use at a time policy
much more strictly to the point where I
would log in to do a quick Benchmark at
work and it would kick my son off of
Rocket League at home or whatever the
case may be and it kind of sucks because
it used to be you bought your whole
library of games and anyone could play
them as long as you weren't both playing
the same game at the same time then you
know no harm no foul right um well guess
what valve is taking it back to that so
they've launched steam families on the
steam beta client which is a collection
of new and existing family related
features to replace both steam family
sharing and steam family view a steam
family can consist of up to six members
and everyone in the steam family gets
access to any family sharing compatible
games in their other family members
libraries now so instead of only being
able to play one game from a library at
a time across the entire family users
can now play different games at the same
time that's freaking awesome yeah adults
consent parental controls ring playtime
limits allowing access to appropriate
games and more and a child account now
has the ability to request for an adult
to pay for their shopping cart making it
way easier for parents to purchase games
for their kids and as a parent way more
importantly making it way easier for
kids to not purchase games on their
own because in the past you basically
had to choose between the inconvenience
of having to go down and enter your
credit card information every time or
the risk of your kids going and buying
stuff with a saved credit card in their
account now I do see a downside to
this as a developer how do I feel about
my games being eligible for Family
Sharing now that Family Sharing is so
much more convenient and so much more
powerful like Family Sharing was
basically so kneecapped that I
essentially didn't use it I ended up
buying multiple copies of games just so
that
I wouldn't have to worry about
interrupting my kids while they're
playing when I want to play or when I
want to Benchmark something or whatever
the case may be as it is now it seems
like
um a lot fewer people will have to do
that and as their own independent living
breathing organisms you know should my
kids be entitled or my roommates or my
friends or whoever my family is should
they be entitled to play these games
they didn't buy um will I be less likely
to make my game eligible for Family
Sharing under this system what would you
how would you
feel yeah I don't know I'm I'm reading
through the FAQ right now because I'm
trying to get a Vibe for like how a
family unit could be formed because one
thing that I'm worried about if I'm a
developer um is the you know uh a
closeit group of six friends at school
form a family um and share one steam
account among all of them and and and
polyes are totally okay I'm not judging
sure y there's like 32,000 in the
Seattle one and it's growing every
day um it's not sustainable
so yeah I don't know it doesn't sound
like there's any limitations to like
Under One Roof or anything like that um
I I'm actually not really finding pretty
much any limitations at all um they they
do say that the the terms of how they
Define a family is subject to change so
maybe they'll figure that out over time
um there's also some interesting stuff
if if you leave a steam family um you
will need to wait one year from when
you from when you joined the previous
one oh that's not that big of a deal oh
interesting so you can't just like float
around from family to family no but one
year from your join date of the previous
one not your exit
date so if you if you okay well that
that kind of makes sense that could be a
zero day difference if you're at above a
year um yeah as long as you as long as
you don't um well basically it says that
you don't have to mourn your old family
for a year yeah as long as you were with
them for at least a year yeah which
might be good for some people you know
things happen in in family units um it's
just I don't know I would want to enable
this but it is definitely a scenario
where I I guarantee you people are going
to misuse it
now honestly in most situations at work
man our Benchmark accounts we're only
going to have to have a couple of copies
of every game spread out across all of
our Benchmark accounts which going to
make way more effective for us to use
those Benchmark accounts are in a family
dude they're
all yeah it's clearly not a family
though so like yeah there there's
definitely uses for this that are not
going to be family now I yeah honestly I
think that there's nothing wrong with
that um us basically not having to buy
like five copies of every stupid game
just so that we can run them for 20
minutes every week to Ben or whatever if
it is that friend group from school I
used to share games with my friends You'
trade games all the time temporarily
like oh I have this snst game you have
this N64 game we both have both consoles
for some reason I don't know why I made
this analogy this weird but you can
borrow this one I'll borrow that one and
we'll trade back in a week or two
whatever that was was tot very normal um
I understand that making it all digital
and making giving it the ease of use of
something like steam is going to
massively increase the amount of that
trading that happens but you are sort of
locked into this family unit for a year
at a time so it's not like you're
jumping all over the place based on what
game you want to play um so I don't know
I hope it goes okay because this seems
like a really cool thing um and honestly
the main way that I would potentially
use it is to like encourage people to
pick up a game themselves um like here
look you can borrow this for a bit I've
definitely never lent anyone my Origin
account so that they could try out
Titanfall 2 and then convince them to
just buy it for themselves afterwards um
that's definitely never a thing that
I've done by the way neither of us is
recommending ever doing do not lend out
your game accounts yeah
um but it's just like yeah I don't know
I
think I would be okay with it I think I
would turn it on yeah I think it's
pretty cool I think it's good I I'm a
little bit worried about how this might
go but I really hope it goes well
because I think it's overall a very good
thing yeah and I think honestly it might
encourage the sales of say that of
everything okay there are definitely
things that are not going to be
universally regarded as good things and
I think it's time for us to to shift our
conversation to the smos song that they
released uh I think it was earlier this
week or last week called submissive and
breedable a collaboration with BB no
money um that has it's baby no money
don't say BB no money come on H do I do
I have any idea who this is H he's good
I like his music
genuinely come on now okay so the point
is um the official music video uh Luke
do you want to pull it up yeah sure if
you guys want to all go to the same time
stamp uh so maybe maybe head to about
1:30 1
1:30 yep and then you guys can if
everyone heads over there if you could
here I'll I'll I'll drop this in the
chat I'll drop the link to the uh you
guys we can all watch together that's
how we're going to do this so that they
get their views
okay so I'm dropping this in all the
chats oh my God it brings up twitch chat
rules for my own account okay so guys
just just head on over there so Luke's
not going to screen share Luke you
haven't started watching yet right
no am I gonna be playing audio off my
computer all
gonna you you're gonna have to listen
otherwise you're not going to be able to
hear it okay um but you're just going to
go back to the main W view so everyone's
just going to watch it together so I'm
basically going to go okay Mark and then
everyone's gonna gonna gonna play it
okay okay okay so you can go back to the
main view okay I turn yeah all right
okay will Luke be hear mine yeah uh
without it going to stream I mean lukee
you can just
pretend okay where where on Earth does
this come from why do you do this to me
do I just like play it off my phone so I
can hear it or something it goes to b b
doesn't go to
stream uh we're giving Dan a second hold
your hamburgers
be laptop I don't know play play
something I mean Luke
you're Every Flavor Bean while we
wait okay yeah let's go to stream uh no
don't go to stream oh my God it tastes
like
ash do you want me to just listen to my
phone should we simpy this a let's do
the easy thing change our audio outut on
the laptop yeah but then I won't be able
to if I played over the speakers you'll
be able to hear it through the mic oh my
god I've tested that before Oh no I
figured it out nice yeah look those
birdie Bots every flavor beans are not
uh some of them are not
good aha success in case you were
wondering they truly are every flavor I
presume okay they truly truly are are we
ready oh that was gross okay hit
it
oh
no
so how do you how do you feel about your
name being attached to a song of that
type and
name Kino equality out of 10 five out of
seven perfect
score can I just can I just say does it
help that you don't have a beard anymore
usually a
problem it isn't usually a problem
that um you know lonus is slang for
penis I mean there's so many names that
are slaying for penis you know Peter
Johnson uh dick right like it's it's not
really a that one's a little on point
yeah okay you
know
yeah I just mean it it doesn't really
come up that much technically it's a
slang but nobody really uses it
um as for the whole like
tip thing and Tech tips and and and
Linus
um this is actually the second time this
has happened I don't know if you
remember that the previous song yeah
yeah yeah so so the the previous song to
kind of make this a thing uh is from the
mom boys here we go yeah
and I guess what I'm trying to say
is
I've kind of enjoyed that while lonus is
technically slaying for penis nobody
really uses it and now that it's
happened twice it feels dangerously
close to becoming a thing um yeah yeah
yeah I can't I can't really say that
it's my preference I don't think people
are really using it that way I think
they're just riffing off of tip I just
to be honest I think you're reading
artistic expression tip and and lus is
is a good cultural reference I would
agus meaning penis I don't think
anyone's doing that to be honest I want
I want I want BB merch now that just
says like just the tips I'm going to
wear it around work if if baby no money
releases merch that that's it less is
submissive and breedable I'm not saying
I am not wearing anything
else
oh my gosh I mean you should see my
computer backgrounds to start with like
gez yeah yeah yeah I don't know how do
how do you feel about that did they
reach out to you or did they just do it
you don't you don't have to out based
yeah they don't they don't need to reach
out that's they're they're on they're on
base as far as that goes uh like I'm not
I'm not saying this is not well within
their rights to do I'm just saying it's
you know no no I was just wondering I'm
not yeah are are you not flattered I
would be flattered I think it's very
flattering I um you're you're culturally
relevant enough to uh to be a clever
simile in a in a in a piece of artistic
work that people will understand too yes
like that's that's huge yeah you know
like uh you can make references to
Napoleon for you know other things or
other ideas right SM myad yeah uh and
you're there you're there I'm not
likening you to Napoleon that was an
accident but
you you're like Tech Napoleon there you
go what he's short and in another
country so he's Napoleon yeah there you
go where does where does Napoleon put
his armies up his sleevies LTT
store.com
yeah oh my
goodness wow so um honestly my first
reaction to this was that I just have no
idea uh what to make of it um that seems
I've uh I've I've met
um you know I've met the smash guys I uh
I think they're super cool I um have a
lot of respect for them they're pioneers
you know and that's that's sort of
separate right like you can think
someone's super cool um or like cool or
whatever um but you know know things
about them and you're like oh yeah I
don't respect them these guys I I I
think they're super cool and I respect
them a lot um absolute Builders of this
space which is really cool I'm so happy
to see that they're you know back
together got their Channel back that
this is you
know one of the outcomes of that was not
something that I had on my
bingo
yeah that's pretty funny uh um seeing
that uh other great creators are making
music uh Christmas album too
win oh my
god
um smash the halls with something
something yeah sex sexy Christmas
album searching for the Claris I guess
like I don't know these These lyrics
though dude like a Lenovo think
pad oh
man uh okay so anywh who um I don't I
don't know what else to say about this I
I really I don't I don't know if I fully
got an answer to like how do you feel
about uh it it being this title and
subject matter of a song that your name
was in not not like oh people are using
my name for for I mean more that it's
it's submissive and breedable
specifically that you're referenced in
does that bother you at all or just it
doesn't matter really matters yeah I
know okay yeah no I don't think that
really matters I mean art is uh art is
Art I uh I'm not really I'm not really
going to go in and sort of question
someone else's voice and someone else's
someone else's art I mean they're
obviously not um they they're they're
they're not um it's it's not slanderous
or defamatory in any way they're not
like it at all
yeah yeah it's it's nothing to do with
anything other than just
like whatever Tekken on my tip first
thing like lius means first thing maybe
this is just one of those things where
um I just don't understand it because
it's some kind of slang that I am too M
I think it's more they were if I have to
assume it's cuz they were searching for
something to rhyme with feral boy Friday
she the lion
yeah yeah that line is really good after
you think so
maybe I don't know I don't know maybe
either way I think that's a good take on
it cuz like it doesn't at all seem like
anything was nefarious here it's just
supposed to be a funny song I I think
some people would be like I'm I'm not
that I don't want to be included in this
um and that's just yeah whatever I don't
know it's a fair enough take but is kind
of boring and I prefer just not caring
and Zer Point
says I don't like the rhyme of lius with
lioness um the reason you don't like
that is not uh subjective uh it's
objective those things do not rhyme uh
but some artistic license was taken and
Prett
common does not rhyme that is super
commed in music people will pronounce
they'll change even how they say words
to make them sound like they flow
together so yeah I I wouldn't that's a I
drive a Chevrolet movie
theater interior crocodile
alligator Mr Mr Bigg Biggy Smalls
everyone yeah yeah it's it's classic
it's lovely yeah yeah speaking of uh
things that are Lov you know that's
hilarious by the way Luke thought that
was what the word was yeah until not
that long ago I think yeah yeah yeah
yeah Minaj that would I think a lot of
people think that that would be I think
a ton of people think that to be honest
I think biggie was an extremely
influential person okay it's unlimited
right unlimited he defines language okay
you guys you guys have never done art
have
you okay uh speaking of things that are
cool first human to receive neuralink
this is actually uh pretty cool
hopefully it doesn't go from here
29-year-old Nolan arbau a quadriplegic
says that the brain implant has allowed
him to play chess and civilization on
his PC using his freaking mind he's
quoted saying I'm so freaking lucky to
be a part of this the implant works by
reading brain signals from the user and
translating them into bluetooth-based
remote Commands to control an electronic
device like a mouse cursor for arbau
this is this part was like okay that's
pretty cool uh for arbau this initially
involved trying to move his hands
obviously he can't cuz he's quadriplegic
but trying to and even though he's lost
the ability to move them that would
translate into most cursor movement
which is like no way wild to honestly
even really think about from there it
just became intuitive for him to start
Imagining the cursor moving and
basically it was like he was using the
force on a curser and he could get it to
move wherever he wanted this resulted in
an 8 hour straight gaming session on Civ
6 outside of the standard neuralink
trials and he just had to quit because
the device needed to wirelessly charge
um also he stated that um We've ran into
some issues I don't want people to think
this is the end of the journey there's
still a lot of work to be done but it
has already changed my life so so far um
that's really cool for people who might
be struggling with something like uh
being a quadriplegic being able to be
enabled to have
more things to do be able to play chess
be able to play Civ that's fantastic
super cool I think that's great really
really cool hopefully like I said
earlier it doesn't go bad um uh but yeah
wanted to share some good news what else
do we got
[Music]
glass expensable menu items oh this is
old this is great after last last week's
tax write-off sale community members on
the LT Forum pointed out that there was
a restaurant in Toronto called Good
Fortune that had a campaign where they
renamed their menu items after office
supplies so that office workers could
expense them uh Luke do you want to
screen share that for the kind folks out
there yeah um we've got the um Diamond
chicken burger aka the mini dry erase
whiteboard we've got the uh double your
fortune Burger renamed the ergonomic
aluminum laptop stand the emerald veggie
burger renamed the wired earphones with
mic and their french fries Palm fries uh
or Palm fries renamed USB Wired
Mouse I like the our discussion our
discussion
question my favorite one is
the a little cheap for damn this delay
though our discussion question is isn't
1250 a little cheap for an aluminum
laptop
stand uh it depends if it's for Apple
yes yeah that's fair yeah I thought it
was pretty funny it is it is I think
it's been reposted because this this was
happened a long time ago I think um yeah
it was a long time ago yeah okay okay
sounds good it was a it was a short-term
promo I mean should we do it on the
store anyone wanna anyone want to write
off some LTT merch
this the funny part is fraud it's some
amount of LTT merch would be like you
have screwdrivers Cable Management tools
thermal paste like a lot of it would be
fine it just is already
okay backpack a business that needed
that could potentially okay I I don't
know a lot of it might be
fine uh what else we got I don't think
we have much I think we're mostly
through it
um oh but we haven't talked talked about
the Apex Legends hack oh and we have
some announcements and there's some
other things going on we got stuff I
just had to scroll up to find it uh I'll
do this one during an official Apex
Legends tournament last weekend at least
two professional players were allegedly
hacked midgame leading to the final of
the Apex Legends Global series being
postponed in two separate matches
Imperial how or sorry yeah Imperial Hall
was given an Aimbot and gen Burton was
suddenly able to see the location and
health of everyone else in the round the
cheat menu was opened on gurton's screen
contained a joke option of vote Putin
and a message was sent via his in-game
chat which read Apex ha hacking Global
series by Destroyer 2009 and random the
anti-che police department a a volunteer
run group that gathers Intelligence on
cheats and cheat vendors wow I didn't
know this was a thing issued a statement
saying that there was a remote code EX
excution exploit present in either the
game itself or an easy anti-che easy
anti-che however denied that there was
any remote code execution vulnerability
within their system in their first tweet
in 5 years Destroyer 2009 uh the hacker
taking responsibility for the incident
has since spoken to Tech Crunch and said
that the hack was mostly just for fun
but also to force respawn to fix the
vulnerability he used to hack them EA
doesn't have a bug Bounty program uh he
didn't say exactly how he you uh how he
hacked the matches beyond that it had
nothing to do with the server and it
never went outside the game and didn't
involve infecting either players rig or
malware Destroyer 2009 apparently with
malware with malware sorry Destroyer
2009 apparently has a reputation for
hacking high-profile players for the
LOLs as for why he specifically targeted
gin Burton and Imperial how Destroyer
2009 said that they're just nice guys
who deserve free attention and views
discussion question is this a problem
specific to Apex Legends why aren't
games like this more
secure I mean the reason I wanted to
talk about this this week was because
you've been kind of going off on the
state of online gaming and how utterly
broken it is we talked last week about a
hypothetical peripheral that basically
was watching everything you did in real
time to ensure that absolutely nothing
that happened on screen had any
disconnect from what your hands were in
person um something like this the
ability of a hacker to force another
player to cheat I think
shows a how sophisticated this software
is getting how sophisticated these um
these players are getting and B how
utterly unsalvageable online gaming is
um I just don't really know what else to
say at this point I I think like I've
talked at length about why I you know I
had to find a way I had to find a way
and I got it I got my way but I've
talked at length about how games like
Ballers Gate 3 and uh hell divers and
other like more recent kind of Co-op or
even single player focused games there's
a fantastic very well-working Co-op mod
for Elden ring but Elden ring is more a
single player game um Elden ring popped
off a lot of these non-online
competitive games have been doing very
well lately and I think in no small part
it's because hacking in competitive
games has gotten to a ridiculous Point
um
and I don't I don't know if it's because
companies aren't investing enough or if
it's just a losing battle no matter what
they do or what it is but the
percentages of cheaters in games is
crazy the amount of streamers that get
caught all the time cheating is wild
because if the cheaters are or if
streamers are getting caught cheating
you know there's a lot more cuz it's a
lot easier when you're not on stream um
so it's just it's it's frustrating and
it it ruins things because the the
biggest problem which we've also talked
about is it brings to to doubt every
other loss or death or whatever it is
that you have in a game even if that
person isn't cheating it's like
well were they did I actually lose
because of a skill Gap did I actually
lose because of a lack of preparation
whatever else or did I lose just cuz
this person person's cheating which
really sour the whole experience I think
a lot of people out there are okay with
you know not being good enough to win
all the time but don't really feel super
okay with losing because you know the
other person might have actually been
worse but they installed something and
now they win anyways um so it's
it's it's rough I know a lot of people
personally that have kind of stopped
really playing that many online
competitive games especially online
competitive Shooters I even know people
that have traditionally not really been
interested in anything other than online
competitive shooters that have started
shifting to things like leagal Legends
of all games because yes you can cheat
in League of Legends really yeah but
it's a lot less impactful than cheating
in something like say war zone or or
valerant or Call of Duty or um or
Counter-Strike or something like that um
so yeah it is what it is but this sucks
this sucks a lot there's a merch message
here that I want to jump to real quick
because it's kind of on
topic uh from Brandon G Luke laran
announced today that balers gate will
not be getting any major DLC as someone
who hasn't played yet this gets rid of a
barrier to entry for me but how does it
feel for a long-term
player yeah I'll speak to that um I've
actually reached out to them about this
already uh I
am sad strong disagree very angry no
actually I'm I'm sad because I really
like the characters I really like the
story and there's honestly a lot of ways
that I could see it going that I think
would be fantastic that team is amazing
from from bottom to the top as far as I
can tell so I think they would make a
very good DLC but if you read the
article more the reason that they give
for doing so is because they didn't
think their hearts were in it apparently
there was communication before bg3 was
released about other projects that they
could work on that were not bg3 and the
the team was excited to work on those
and when bg3 was this like incredible
Smash Hit success the natural stepping
for a gaming company is to make DLC or
additional content of some kind through
expansions or whatever else so they can
continue to monetize that game that is
what you naturally do so laran stepped
into that
normal thing that you do but their
hearts weren't really in it they were
excited to work on this other thing and
the the CEO of of laran Sven Vicki I
hope I pronounced his name correctly um
just decided like you know what no we're
going to do the thing that we really
want to do which is this next project
that they're not announcing um and you
know what I have some sadness for not
receiving DLC for this game that's
fantastic but I have more excitement for
the next thing that they end up doing so
as far as I'm concerned it's the right
move I think that's good if they if
they're if a well funded a well funded
next thing yeah exactly right like
whatever um so yeah I don't know I think
that's uh I think that's good I also
think the next thing that they're doing
is not specifically D and there's been
some talks about that as well uh which
might be a good move their previous game
uh original sin 2 as far as my
understanding goes is not based on any
of that and it's fantastic um I I I
don't think they need to be attached to
D and D at all personally I don't think
that's required in the slightest I think
they have no issue creating worlds
creating interesting story lines
creating interesting character bases all
that type of stuff I think they'll be
completely fine doing that um so yeah
I'm excited for whatever they do next
and the motivations behind this move
make me excited for the fact that they
did this move despite the fact that I'm
still sad that I don't get DLC so yeah I
think it's good I'm also happy I'll say
this that they're not farming the D out
to some other company who's going to
screw it up uh because we we see stuff
like that happen as well um so they
didn't they didn't talk about this stain
on the legacy of this game yes they they
didn't talk about doing this because I
don't think it ever even came to mind
necessarily but there are absolutely
companies that have done that and would
do that and they're not doing that as
far as I can tell so that's great
because I would rather it doesn't get
touched than it gets ruined so yeah I'm
cool with that
all right are there any other topics we
want to get through real quick here I
feel
like um the Canadia ban on flipper zero
update could probably use a little bit
of discussion uh the makers of The
Flipper Zero have published an official
response to the Canadian government's
proposed ban on both the zero and
similar devices as a way of reducing
audio theft um but here's the thing a
primary argument against Banning The
Flipper zero is the fact oh okay yeah
here's the thing The Flipper zero lacks
the hardware necessary to replicate a
keyless fob in order to gain entry into
a car car thieves can use a keyless
repeater system to pick up the signal of
a keyless fob near the entrance of a
home and transmit it to a nearby car but
the equipment needed to pull this off is
quite a bit larger taking up the space
of a backpack and far more expensive
about
$6,000 online The Flipper zero can
capture and replicate the code from a
remote control but can't replicate the
kind of in code used by car fobs The
Flipper zero creators further argue that
many security systems are currently
relying on security through obscurity
I.E relying on most people simply not
knowing enough about the system to
exploit its flaws which is one of the
reasons that the flipper zero exists
needless to say I agree um with flipper
and uh the Canadian government is being
big dumb um also EVGA who traditionally
has been in the news for being super
cool is in the news for something not
super cool a Reddit user
Uris whatever was recently crossposted
to the LTT subreddit the user bought a
new EVGA GQ 1000 watt gold power supply
however it was defective which isn't
necessarily a problem stuff happens but
he sent it back to EVGA who told the
user hey hold on to the cables and
accessories that came with the unit and
just send back the power supply when
they received their new unit they
connected their old cables and the PC
failed to start and there was a click
possibly indicating that an overload
protection circuit had been triggered
they immediately rechecked the cables
which were the correct EV they were EVGA
cables but after some troubleshooting
they checked the voltages of their St of
Power with a multimeter and found that
it was way off 12vt instead of 3vt and Z
volts instead of 5 volts Etc upon the
issue being reported to EVGA customer
service was able to determine the
problem within a matter of minutes
at some point the pin layout of that
power supply was
changed this incident destroyed 22
terabytes of SATA drives and this is
where things get really bad because all
of this is bad but this is where things
get really bad support has suggested to
the user that they seek a warranty
replacement from the manufacturer of the
hard drives rather than EVGA
compensating them for the drives in
order to replace
them excuse
me so EVGA is basically suggesting to
the user that they do a little they do a
little fraud on their hard drive
manufacturer instead of EVGA ponying up
for their
mistake thiss that's really bad
it's interesting because
what I think they should do it I don't
know why it says SATA drives because
like what you expecting there to be IDE
drives like what well because it was the
SATA connector that the uh that the
voltages were screwed up on yeah but
what I'm saying is I can't tell if this
is hard diser
ssds there a drastic difference in cost
doesn't matter just yeah well I'm at 22
terabytes I'm assuming they're hard
drives yeah
um
that that shouldn't even be if it's hard
drives I mean if it's either of them you
just kind of have to stomach it it gets
weird because if you're not the
manufacturer of the drives how are you
verifying that this is at all what
happened but at that point like you
screwed up so bad you just got to deal
with it I
think this sucks a lot because I one of
the big reasons why I used to like EVGA
so much was because their customer
service was so good to me but that was
also over a decade ago so I don't know
it is what it is stuff like this makes
me feel like evj is uh not the company
that they used to be I I had never heard
of them doing anything like this in the
past not at all ever I've I've given
away stories of how good of customer
service they had a million times I've
never heard anyone counter it and then
this is like this is rough let's talk uh
let's talk announcements float plane
spring break want to talk us through
what that is yeah we've got something
special coming for our float plane
members from next Monday March 25th
through March 29th we're releasing extra
special float plane exclusives as part
of what we're calling float plane spring
break it's also because we just made too
many exclusives for the month which is a
fun problem to have uh we'll also be
doing some giveaways including a set of
custom apost LT key caps you just saw
those on the show actually um Green Man
Gaming codes yeah do you want to bring
those up they look amazing yeah they're
really cool this keyboard's heavy
because it's awesome oh oh no no I would
bring them up digitally maybe oh bring
them up to what you're doing great Luke
digitally bring them up digitally I
don't think I have that I mean I can
Google search where do I get where do I
get the
digital no no the link is there's a link
I see it now I'm bringing it hold on
hold on what guys there we
go technology I didn't see the link in
the document leave me alone zoom in
there you go no I refuse oh my God oo
anyway the enter key is a
screwdriver uh there's a banana for the
uh control I guess that is I
can't dver the right where was the Bulge
you said there was a bulge it's here
right there you see it on the boxer on
the boxer key yeah yeah super cute it's
pretty
sizable what did I say it was normal
sized something like that anyways
uh yeah uh
okay how did I even get here okay there
we go I see okay the link was in a
different part of the
whatever you guys are being just mean
for Reon how many years have you been
doing this uh and you can actually you
can buy the key cap set for yourself if
you want it's $39.99 with free us
shipping that's not B for elsewhere in
the announcements and they feel good yep
yeah I kind of want one of those are
they are they a partner we we get some
of those uh anyways we're also
apparently LT retro screwdrivers are
being given away wow and one magnetic
Cable Management home bundle that's
actually super legit there's a teaser
for the content for next week which I'm
opening because I can do that mean
people um uh I got I gotta play this I
got to play this
Dan uh yes I fixed it it's probably
going to be loud there we go yeah send
it I mean you have to play it with audio
I am nope laptop's muted nice ah it's
not my fault this time we did a
departmental departmental airplane paper
airplane battle we did unmute I mean
that's use of
time my name is Luke that's not we got
one person from each department to do a
paper airplane battle to see who can do
the best design who can make it the
fastest and who can throw it the
farthest hi uh my name is Luke laf
that's not how you pronounce it I'm the
COO of float plane and the CTO for lus
Media Group that's not even accurate
throw it they didn't listen to me hold
on this is wrong I'm not the flow plane
CEO got him do we not have ECC my RoR
screwed up so like by default I'm going
to do back so as a side objective I'm
going to bring you random fact about
Canada that progressively get more
deranged over time and I'm going to
start with that Winnie Poo is based off
of a the PO Canada wait really yeah
which bear just a bear that was in a zoo
I think I don't know a bear Nam what's
also crazy Winnie yeah is that Canada
was in a war a notable some which be
it's like we were at war with Denmark
until 2022 it's called The Whiskey War
the reason why it was called The Whiskey
war going there planting their
respective flag Canada would leave
whiskey and Denmark would leave schnaps
and they did that for like 50 years and
then sadly it ended in 2022 sadly well
that was the coolest thing ever and then
they were like nah as long as I don't
step over the crack yeah so I could take
a running start you take a running start
yeah no I just want to see what it's
going to do oh my God okay that's not
good that's
terrible wait no I think that's over
here hold on dud you would you say
that's not over the crack just for you
I'll let it pass okay okay and then
oh my god dude that's the worst airplane
design what are you even doing it's
going to hit you in the
foot wow I'm going to the Z drive right
now anyways anyway anyways I didn't
spend any time even Googling how to fold
a paper airplane and I haven't made one
in like 15 16 years uh so I just Googled
Canada facts and then tried to bring
entertainment to the video that way
lonus I tried to make the video more
entertaining
lus do you not do you not Mentor
Luke not anymore man no we don't we
don't actually work together other than
wano that's it
yeah uh yeah pretty much other things uh
merch updates yeah retro screwdriver
free shipping is still going deal ends
March 29th so you've got till the pretty
much the end of next week um
and I think we just announced that yeah
you can buy those key caps so that's all
the announcements we have to get through
I
believe yeah are we good then is that it
after
dark yeah lus do you want to get the
lights um
no I'll just be I'll just be a weird
bright spot okay yeah fine I'll get it
no no no no no no I my webcam no that
was that I meant my lights here not
yours I can just a joke I can D you
artificially my webcam uh compensates so
much for Darkness I probably
different uh yeah see like that did
nothing no that's okay I make me
grainier please please come back I'm
gonna bring the light back then and then
you can dim me all right whatever that
works should IAT another birdie Bots
every flavor Bean
yes okay wait wait wait wait wait yes do
that but I really hope I don't get
ashtray this time before before we go
into merch messages you got to tell us
about your trip how's Japan you've been
there for a bit now oh
boy well the birie bot's every flavored
beans have uh not gone well so far have
any of
good CU there is supposed to be good
ones right isn't there oh god um
oh oh I feel like I feel nauseous need
some water um that is truly an
unpleasant
experience I can guarantee you that if
you just drink soy sauce the flavor will
of the the bean will go away oh Mommy
Bean thank you for that um oh that was
awful yeah so not
recommended yeah no but seriously how's
how's Japan
been um this getting been I got to tick
I got to tick off my bucket list uh last
night uh getting to experience being
shoved into a packed Japanese train ah
nice so that's um good that's a thing
that happened I felt really bad for the
guy um across the train from where I was
standing because I had our stroller in
front of me with two children in it and
whoever was jamming from the door could
not see that there was a stroller that
was like digging into this guy's
knee um and they were just they were
packing he had nowhere to go and I was
just I looked at him I'm just like I
have no way to prevent this like the the
brakes are applied on the stroller but
that means nothing at that point yeah
like I yeah it was only for a couple of
stops but yeah they they actually did
the thing where the like platform person
came and shoved people into the train
like it's
real that's wild I don't think I've ever
actually because of the stroller like
rolling it must have felt like there was
a bit of give in it or something because
they kept giving
her was pretty rough dude I felt really
bad for the
guy it's not over 9,000 is saying uh oh
he's talking about the other stuff yeah
um yeah how how okay so how is Japan and
so far you said you got shoved onto a
train what else have you done what have
you enjoyed what are good things tell me
about it and you often don't like
traveling so I'm trying to dig for like
has anything good happened have you
enjoyed your
trip um Super Nintendo World at
Universal Studios is one of the most
elaborate beautiful outstanding
construction projects I think I've ever
seen um cool it was it was crafted with
a level of of of care and love that I
just uh think I rarely encountered the
entire place is a complete work of art
uh there's like two rides one of which
is for very very small children um and a
bunch of just like places to buy merch
in fact I'd say Universal Studios in
Japan in general um has some sort
of
incongruity I guess is how I would
describe it like um you know it's it's
it's a bit of a
cultural it's not even apparently rude
it just like isn't done to to drink a
beverage while you're walking around so
why do you need vending machines with
beverages everywhere you know like that
um everything comes so over packaged but
there's no garbage
cans
um they every people people live in I'm
I'm in an apartment right now people
live in apartments where as far as I can
tell there is absolutely no space to
store things but so many of the
experiences that you have are to just
buy random like I I'm just having a
really hard time I'm having a really
hard time meshing these things
together like Universal Studios Japan
even compared to a Disney park um so
I've been to Disneyland I've been to
Disney
World so much of what's there is not
rides it's like just stuff to buy
um and that's a really bad thing about
the Disney parks but it just feels it
feels even more like that
here
um and so yeah so I'm just I'm I'm
struggling a little bit uh it's it's
it's known for its food in in a big way
um but I would say that compared to
compared to Taiwan I cannot rely on just
kind of any random hole in the wall just
being awesome uh there's much like more
like home more like home there's a
there's a huge disparity between good
food and like really bad food like
there's stuff here that's just really
gross like really awful just objectively
terrible
um I I I find it very I find it
very and I find there are there are
experiences that are quite hyped here
that are sort of disconnected from that
sort of cultural value of food like the
Pokemon cafe is rated I think four and a
half
Stars Pokemon cafe uh
Tokyo we managed to get a reservation
after h four nights in a row of either
me or Ivonne or both of us staying up
till 2 in the morning to be there the
second that they that they open up uh
reservations each
oh we could have like made something for
you make
e um well look if I was willing to bot I
would never admit to it okay doesn't
matter the point is it was it was very
difficult to get a reservation we did
get a reservation here um Pokemon cafe
oh for crying out loud how do I just
find this on no I have to go to Google
Maps and then I have to search for it
because sure that makes sense I think
it's four and a half Stars though I
think it's rated four and a half Stars
so we we got we got our reservation and
I got to say
um it was terrible 4.3 Stars uh the food
was largely
inedible um the drink that I got was uh
like a milk I I just I got a milk tea I
was like they can't possibly screw this
up except probably about the top third
of it was that
fake fake whipped cream like the
petroleum byproduct that's yeah that's
not worth even having all yeah I'd
rather go it it was disgusting I
couldn't drink it um so I thought I
thought I had been to Pokemon cafe so I
think V might have asked me something
about it but now in Googling I had gone
to Pikachu sweets by Pokemon cafe not
Pokemon cafe okay I thought they were
the same thing Pokemon cafe
is
basically
terrible the Pokemon cafe is basically
terrible terrible food um you kind of
rushed in and rushed out uh there's an
opportunity to buy
merch
um it's definitely cute like this like
the the the Pikachu shaped rice is cute
but like little things were just awful
like the um the the the the not the
nacho chip that is Pikachu's tail the
like
um uh the kind of toasted nacho chip
that is Pikachu's tail in the rice
dish it was stale all of them were stale
uh we had we had a couple of them at our
table uh they were
stale um we went to the pom pom purin
Cafe not even really knowing what that
is it's like some Hello Kitty character
but it was you know seemed cute that was
the first one we went to so we didn't
know
that these themed cafes are just
terrible terrible food yeah and Decor
that is themed after some character um
so it's just it's really weird to see
how much you can pay for really really
awful
food somewhere where supposedly like
food culture is a huge thing so I guess
food culture is a huge thing unless you
put kind of a cute skin on it and then
it doesn't matter it could be actual
garbage just shoveled onto a plate as
long as it's in acute shape
um so that's so so back to my question
confusing to me what's been
[Music]
good getting getting to enjoy a
traveling vacation is
hard people are like these are classic
tourist traps guys they were mostly full
of people speaking Japanese there was
there was almost the Pokmon Cafe I'd
say was the most touristy one but like
the pom pom pan Cafe was full of
Japanese people um and maybe they were
they maybe were there from another part
of Japan like you can there's such a
thing as domestic tourism that's totally
a
thing but
um yeah objectively bad
um we did this like ninja experience
Cafe that was really fun for the kids
I'd say this overall had a good time I
um I have serious reservations about
some of the animal cafes we've done like
we did an owl Cafe where you get to like
hold an owl perched on your arm there
were a lot of Ls in there
um you know was it a fun experience for
the kids a great photo op absolutely um
do I feel good having supported that
particular business practice honestly
not
really
uh thinking
um trying to think yeah we went to a cat
cafe where the cats honestly didn't seem
like mistreated in any way but they were
bored as heck like they were they were
they were checked out they were not down
to playay or interact or anything so I
just left them alone which seems to be
what they
wanted I mean that's probably if I was a
little cat in a cat cafe that's probably
what I would want okay what's been good
has good there's here's here's another
major disconnect in Japan and is this is
a super sort of high-tech high-tech
Society right um You can get almost
anything through automation like uh we
we did one of those conveyor belt sushi
places um so you just order everything
by iPad and it just whips along a
conveyor belt to your to your table and
you just kind of dump your dirty plates
down the thing uh totally amazing and
then we went to ride the bullet train
and we bought our ticket at the terminal
and uh we got some food and we ate and
then we went to go onto the platform and
to scan our ticket and they're like oh
no no you you need the basic fair and
your ticket and I'm like what mean I
need my Basir I have my weird I have my
passo it says I need it says I need a
pasmo here's my pasmo so I tried to scan
my pasmo and here's my ticket they're
like uh uh uh uh no you need a basic
fair and I'm like okay so like at the
machine no
no you cannot buy the basic fair at the
same machine where you buy your bullet
train ticket sucked for the place you
you have to go and line so we missed our
train that we had that we had scheduled
for and like they they took care of it
but as I was standing in the line as I
was standing in the line to talk to an
agent in order to get the the the half
of the ticket that I needed all of these
these agents working at the speed of
light trying to get these people
processed I'm sitting here
going why was any of this necessary how
about I just tell you where I am and
where I'm trying to go to and you just
tell me how much that costs and you
print the ticket why are there two
tickets so the way it works is you get
two tickets and you slide both tickets
into the machine at the same time and
you can you can load your pass but
instead of just being
money the the way that the the the P you
have to specifically load the basic fair
at the counter onto your pasmo card and
it's
like
why really
though why I bought my seat reservation
and I have money what difference does it
make and why can this not be done at the
same automatic terminal that I bought my
seat reservation at it makes absolutely
no sense and so just the the the the
lengths that some Japanese organizations
and businesses and individuals will go
to automate and make things high tech
and then you'll turn around and
something will be done in a manual way
for no
possible explainable
reason it's just such a such a bizarre
disconnect to me like the amount of
micromanagement of lines at the theme
park we went to um oh my god oh oh
Universal Studios okay this is amazing
so we bought the express Ticket and as
you go into the express line they will
have you um they will have you bring up
your Express ticket but they don't have
a scanner for it they don't have a
scanner for the QR code um so what they
want you to do is bring up the ticket on
your phone and and zoom in on it a zoom
in on it so they can read and make sure
you have an Express ticket for that
ride then so that takes a while because
they check that for every individual in
your party so we had seven people so
they have someone standing at the entry
to the express lineup manually reading
your ticket like with with their eyes
reading it there's QR codes all over it
there's four QR codes one on every
corner never mind that a single larger
QR code might have worked a little bit
better whatever okay
then you make your way into the line and
before you get on the ride at some point
in the line someone comes along with a
scanner and scans your QR
code
why why did both of those checkpoints
exist there's nowhere for you to get out
of that line it could have easily been
at the very beginning of that line that
they could have done that or they could
just not bother and they could let you
stand in the line and then they could
check it there or or they could have a
system where their backend sees that
you've scanned it once at that that one
and then scanned it again at the other
thing or whatever there's absolutely no
reason for someone with their human eyes
to be reading text on a thing on my
phone when I could have scanned a QR
code when there was no way for me to
activate any of this without my phone
and without the QR code with it's the
exact same ticket that has the QR code
on it that has the text they're reading
you guys ever wonder how he got into
product reviewing
um okay so okay so so far we're 0 for
three uh what's a what's a good what's a
good thing what's something you've
enjoyed have you gone to the thing I
recommended yet so you've enjoyed that
the kids having having a lot of fun um
we went to the art installation it was
pretty cool um ah I got a pretty cool
that's honestly I I was I I thought you
would either come out and try to Flame
me for it cuz you hated it and I was
going to have to uh fight you um or you
were going to do that I knew you weren't
going to be like it was awesome but I
I'll I'll count that as a win he thought
it was pretty
cool you've heard everything so far
Super
Mario I I was positive on Super Nintendo
World they had but you said it's a it's
just a mertile
experience it's just to sell you stuff
it's incredible Bowser Castle I honestly
I would have still I would have still
gone in just to walk through the castle
that has the Mario Kart right that's
cool that's cool I it it is it is
beautifully crafted every square inch of
it has had more care put into it than
most you know grade 10 students would
put into a homework assignment they have
to hand in like it's it's absolutely
unbelievable um I also couldn't I was
blown
away the
I'm just saying this just the level of
care and attention grade 10 school
homework though really might not get a
lot of
care I'm saying per square inch though
per square inch Luke okay okay all right
per square inch yeah yeah um I I've been
I've been kind of Blown Away by the sort
of the enthusiasm of just you know the
average that part isol what motivating
factors are there it has a bit of a step
wives like if I don't keep this job I'm
going to die kind of vibe to it but um I
didn't get that I definitely appreciate
being goed upon I it to me it just felt
like people were proud of their work
regardless of what their work was that's
the vibe that I got I bet there's some
of that yeah which is
good uh okay
so kids are having a good
time Super Nintendo L was a the trains
impressive experience other than some
like small stupid things like trying to
catch the O Loop line from
um uh I don't know whatever whatever
major station we were at there
inexplicably there's just no signs for
it um and then there's another line that
uses the same color code that is not the
o line okay so the reason why I laugh so
hard at that is because I I guarantee
you I know exactly where you were
standing when you got really frustrated
about the o line because I stood there
for a couple minutes ranting to my
brother about how the signage is so good
the whole time and then you get to this
one spot with all these pillars is is
that where you
were maybe I don't know we might have
been at a different station there's all
these pillars and the signs just get
screwed up and it's there's no way to
really tell and then you have to walk a
little bit with no guidance and then you
can find your way to the o line properly
again and then yeah there's two lines
with the same color I ended up figuring
out the same color thing is because
there's two companies that run the
trains sure so so it's not really that
it gets which gets kind of weird but
yeah that's funny that you had those two
complaints cuz I ran into exactly those
two things but yeah the more local
trains are are pretty easy once you
start getting it um but yeah the the two
tickets for the the highspeed bullet
trains is wacky yeah AJ same oh yeah
that's the
one uh yeah yeah was that shin oaka and
it was just like this is I just got to a
complete dead end of signage and I'm
like K yeah it's weird it's weird we
just had to wander around and find it if
you add like one to two signs it would
solve the whole problem which is so odd
apparently AJ ran into the same problems
to signs that and there were signs that
just should have
obviously indicated where to go you know
where they could have just had another
line right there that's like yeah if
you're trying to get to the to the loop
line here's all the other ones but the
right direction
catching the loop line in the right
direction threw us for a loop last night
because you can't just say hold on they
you can't just say it goes to this
station because there's no Terminus
station so figuring out the direction is
kind of tough because both ways
technically go everywhere and instead of
them just saying what the next one it
goes to is they pick a couple of major
ones along the line uh so we almost got
on the wrong uh train going the wrong
way it was a whole thing we we made it
though we got stuffed onto it so
okay well how much longer are you there
for uh a couple more days but like look
I mean travel is not really my thing I I
also don't like
seafood um which is sort of a drag in
Japan um that's fair you know my kids
are into it so I can't just go for Kobe
every night um you know get that Wu
would you
do you like
wagu I'm not I'm not into it personally
I like meteor Meats yeah fine I don't
know um I it's fine I'm just I'm happy
that you at least had some experiences
that you liked because I know you don't
really like traveling and you enjoying
something that isn't like uh you know
putting a box somewhere and plugging
cables into it is good look we're we're
we're here for the kids and they are
having a really good time and that
that's good that's got value what's uh
what's like
what's we have lost your voice yeah when
your voice comes back what's little
man's favorite thing been so
far okay well if this is potentially
going to take a bit to get his voice
back maybe if we can find a merch
message for me while he works on that
and keep the show flowing sure I can do
that let me just move my monitor over
here
um let's just technical difficulties can
Luke reply to this yeah uh what's up hey
how's it going uh I have found that in
in ano uh in baa is really complicated
because of the irrigation systems and
I'm working on uh you know increasing
the efficiencies of my water runs there
you go SK issue I have I have yes I
up and yeah lus is was really hard
there's my there's I bought it when it
was on sale when when lonus said and I'm
I was like okay I can't play this game
no 1800 I'm never going to stop yeah
lonus and I played and I had forgotten
We we played recently and I had
forgotten kind of a lot of the basics of
the game but also realized like all the
things that I did when we played were
really simple atlan was doing all the
hard stuff so I want to skill up so I
started playing single player and I was
like holy crap U but I've gotten a lot
better which is good oh really yeah
that's pretty funny I know like trade
routes now I've done like multi-point
trade routes and like all this other
stuff so like yeah I I will be better
now I've actually gotten way more into
by doing that is every time you um every
time you build a world you will reach a
new level of citizens and you're going
to be like oh everything I did before
was wrong and everything is destroyed
now you have you have to plan my many
stages in advance the the reason that I
was like okay well I'm never going to be
able to stop playing this is because the
friction for undoing everything that you
had already done is like nothing it's
pretty low if you play on the easy
difficulty it's pretty low yeah it's
high on the higher it's way less than
pretty much anything else I've touched
which is great yeah I I I had that
feeling line it's because I was playing
I thought I was like doing pretty well
and then I unlocked uh
oil and I was just like oh yeah what
what do you
mean I can't have the train track run on
the road I that means I can't get to the
harbor cuz all the houses are in the way
I yeah that that sucked um but anyways
to start
over uh okay so you're you're back yeah
what was uh what's uh little man's
favorite thing been so
far
uh I don't know he's kind of uh he's
kind of enjoyed a lot of stuff I'd have
to I'd have to ask
um I haven't really done the the post
trip what was your favorite thing yet
not not actually post trip yet so that
makes sense all right fair enough maybe
we should just flow into merch
messages yeah we should go through them
pretty quick though because I think I
gotta run pretty quick okay sounds
good okay I'll work on potentials um
recently started playing through the
Halo c campaign with my eldest any proud
dad gaming
Milestones uh yeah I I curated this one
it was uh when when my son beat me at
TowerFall not because I'm some kind of
expert TowerFall player or because he is
either but because it's a pretty pure
skill placed game or based game and he
like beat me he won he beat Luke too
fair and square and multiple times
actually yep y yeah wasn't a fluke nope
it does have like a strong rubber band
built in um but you still have to win
it's not like Luke and I benefit from it
too you still win
100% because of the doj lawsuit do you
see apple ever making an app for airpods
for Android like they do with Beats
products
no but the fact that they exist for
Beats products which use the same chip
shows you how easily Apple could have it
exist they just choose not to hey D I'm
too young to remember dog versus
Microsoft but how is Microsoft still
getting away with aggressively bundling
Edge after the ruling that they couldn't
bundle Internet
Explorer Edge is pretty easy to get
around these days for 20 years also
that wake up hello. dll privacy is dead
as someone who wants to
keep uh privacy dead as someone who
wants to keep what little is left of my
privacy how did you learn to let go
becoming a public
figure I didn't really have a choice I
um I
just I realized that it came with the
territory and uh once the tea was or the
milk was spilled um it was there's no
way to unsp it
I so it is what it is there's some stuff
like it's a lot easier for me but I
definitely have a lot of things that are
not public um but it takes significantly
more more to secure them that
way yeah unfortun I forgot I did the um
I did the go-karting in uh in Tokyo
thing oh yeah that didn't interest me I
didn't do that did you like that um you
were right
yeah it oh it's like you're in a
car but you're
not yeah and you you don't even even
remotely
um sort of test the limits of the pretty
slow kind of boring carts yep you just
kind of Drive inform formation um very
very
carefully uh sounds right
yeah yeah it was uh it was something I
mean again massive credit to the people
working there they were very
enthusiastic and fun and I I I'd say you
know what I I realize I sound like kind
of a hater so far my highlight is um
that one crepe I had the first night at
a mall it was so good crepes are
apparently a thing here the second one I
had made me feel because it had fake
whipped cream in it the first one had
fake cream and it was it was outstanding
or fake cream fresh cream the first one
had Fresh Cream and it was outstanding
uh and the people the people are the
people are the Highlight for me
fantastic yeah
everyone's super
nice yep it's interesting because
they're super
nice but also
open and like it's relatively clear that
they want you here um but for a little
bit and then you should go
home it's like all right fair
enough I like that that's nice they
never like say that but the vibe is like
fairly clearly communicated they're very
happy you're there they're very polite
they're very friendly very good but also
it's like there's some amount of like
now it's time to leave yeah that was fun
thank you yeah yeah which is fine
totally fine it's just uh yeah there's
no there's no sugar put on it you know
there's a there's a saying in England
would you like another cup of tea before
you
leave which is
great that's pretty good pretty good
it's really effective uh anyway Big L I
have no idea who this is for have you
found a good Wireless solution for the
valve index I was hoping the noio
wireless adapter would be good but it
seems to be having postlaunch
issues I will be trying that one very
soon I've had mine for a few weeks and I
have no excuses other than just I have a
lot going on for why I haven't tried it
yet I'm really looking forward to trying
it but to my knowledge that's the only
one so it's either good or it's bad
i d particularly Big L everybody's Big L
I almost finished with my teaching
degree and always struggling helping
students with dyslexia is there anything
you do uh or is anything you do or your
teachers did that really helped you love
the
show uh I don't know how much people are
going to like this one of my teachers in
particular uh a physics teacher that I
had I won't name him just in case he
doesn't want who knows times have
changed um but he gave us short talk
very short talk at one point in time um
not to me but I was able to overhear it
from another student who had some uh
learning disabilities and he was
basically the person was basically
asking
for uh I think it was like easier
marking or something I don't remember
exactly what it was and he effectively
said no and was like I'm happy to try to
give you more attention I'm happy to try
to help you
but this is how it's going to be once
you're out of here so you got to figure
it out and whether you have to
unfortunately you know study longer or
do whatever put in more effort than
other people that's just how it's going
to be so you should start practicing
that now effectively um and I heard the
same thing because I always struggled
with reading and was like
well okay um so I generally did I've
somewhat like brute forced the the
reading stuff where I've tried to get a
lot better at kind of guessing what the
word it is when my brain starts messing
it up and you'll see me stumble
sometimes it happens on Wow literally
every show um so you might notice it uh
it happened during the sponsor reads it
happened during multiple topics today it
happens all the time um I have a
significantly harder time reading text
than just speaking and honestly I'm not
even that great at just speaking um so
yeah I don't know it's it'll be hard but
it's not impossible you can figure it
out um and keep pushing there are tricks
out there you can find fonts um in my
experience the fonts are not universal
one font that works for one person
doesn't work perfectly for another
person and vice versa but there's a lot
of them so you might be able to find one
that works better for you um that's
really the only tool I can suggest to
you that won't help you read textbooks
that aren't digitized that won't help
you um read signs I don't know things
like that um but it might help you if
you can digitize a textbook or if you
can get something into a digital form
you might be able to convert the font
and read it easier that way uh there's
other like speed reading tools that I've
found that helped me like one of them
only shows one word at a time and it
just rapidly flashes through them and
for some reason that works for me um but
you won't always be in an environment or
a scenario where you can read that way
so I think it's better
to find whatever works best for you for
me personally learning how to read
without those things has been more
beneficial um um even though I I do
struggle more than if I didn't it's just
it's like the same reason why I never
went dvorac on my keyboard I never went
to vorac on my keyboard despite thinking
that it might be better because I'm like
well I'm going to have to use other
keyboards and that's going to be super
annoying so I'd rather just stay with
querty and be used to querty so that
when I use other things I'm still in
flow and it's still good so I don't know
someone said so basically get good yeah
kind of it sucks but like this is what
it is and instead of just like feeling
bad all the time just fight through it
you'll be fine you're going to make it
you're going to be
okay
yeah
excellent hey D love the podcast I would
love to hear your opinion on the
overabundance of scam ads that play in
front of almost every video on YouTube
now should Google be held liable for any
money
stolen I do think that
platforms should have some
responsibility for anything that is an
officially sanctioned piece of content
that somebody sees I don't know how to
enforce that uh but it is pretty clear
to me that something needs to be done
because it's an enormous problem and it
can't be on anyone other than Google to
address
it
let's see what else Hi D lus do you
still use Plex are you considering
changing to a competitor and what do you
recommend to stream movies in your
home I do still use Plex I am strongly
considering switching to a competitor I
um it's been I think a year and a half
since I last communicated with them and
told them hey we're not going to do any
more promotional activities for you guys
until you fix basic functionality that
is advertised as part of your product
and the basic functionality in question
for me was um loading transcoded
versions of my media library onto my
device to take with me on the plane in
the leadup to this trip I tried across
three different Android four four
different Android devices to load media
and it was an absolute crap show um just
errored out trans codes failed downloads
across a variety of different versions
of Android from new to old to Samsung to
not Samsung um it's clear that they
basically don't care at all
and um just do not respect their users
enough to follow through on features
that are supposed to be part of their
product
um
yeah I uh I I don't I don't know what to
say other than that their leadership is
clearly laser focused on becoming a uh a
streaming service for licensed content
and uh is treating the users that got
them to where they are as second class
citizens no this is not a server side
config error this is a widespread
issue widespread and has been for years
years and years and years and
years hello from Pax sad you guys aren't
here lonus how would you react if you
caught your son cheating in an online
game would you differentiate between an
ingame exploit versus thirdparty
software oh I'd be I'd be mad um I do
differentiate between the two for a bit
uh in-game exploit versus cheating
though yeah cheating very very very bad
ingame exploit I'd probably tell them
it's rude kind of like how you know in
badminton I'll see him flick serve a
novice and I'll be like hey that's rude
you know don't do that it's not about
winning the point it's about playing the
game um sometimes don't forget about if
you're playing against someone who's on
the same level as you or someone who's
better than you by all means employ
every possible strategy to win but if
you're playing against someone who is
already at a significant disadvantage
that's fair you don't take shortcuts y
yeah that's
fair my flow plane sub just renewed so
happy one year since the hacking for
Luke I'm a new tech manager how do you
keep oh boy now it's everywhere how do
you keep a fully remote team engaged and
motivated what helps you help them to be
successful
uh it's actually genuinely tough I think
what helps it is honestly not
necessarily
um me or maybe it's me in the hiring
process but a lot of the people on the
team are just motivated people and
honestly uh this might suck for the
remote work crowd because I've been a
I've been a I've been a public you know
Pro on that side but not everyone can do
it
um the people that I have in general I
think can there's been blips here there
but there's blips here and there with
every form of employment so I don't
think it's been any worse than any local
working um I've seen intrinsic
motivation drop with people who work in
office as well but a bunch of people
would not be able to stay on task stay
focused stay productive etc etc etc with
remote work some people can my teams can
and have proven that they can multiple
times so I'm happy with that
but some people might just not be built
for it and that isn't necessarily on you
as a leader you might just need to move
that person on so that they can go work
somewhere else if if working locally is
not an option at your company or
whatever else um but like yeah a AJ's in
the chat right now speaking of remote
workers I I had to yell at him on in his
first week off because someone posted a
task that needed to be done in the
infrastructure chat and then he just did
it before I could get to it and I had to
be like hey
it was so fast too that it was too fast
I thought stop being so confident he's
too
confident
so I don't think motivation is like that
I mean it again it's it becomes everyone
has like burnout motivation problems
every now and then especially when you
work with people for a really long
period of time they're going to do this
it's okay but I don't think in general
that's an issue with my team um I think
it has been and I have dealt with oh
Pocky nice um I think it has been and
I've dealt with that usually by trying
to work with that person to find ways to
motivate them or in some situations uh
by moving them on to to some other form
of work by exiting them from the company
or their contract or whatever else um he
has notifications off too wow so he
manually checked it gez um so I don't
know I try to do things like our our our
meetings for the week we we have them
longer than they need to be so people
can have like water cooler style talk
which I encourage but also try to cut
off at a certain point um and I try to
have some some much more relaxed uh
channels in slack where people can talk
about like oh what games they're playing
or music or whatever else so that you
try to build a culture because one of
the biggest problems with remote teams
is you never build a culture um and
that's actually a problem so there's a
bit of a fine line where you want to
encourage it but you also don't want
people uh to partake way too much
because especially with Ro root team
you're probably in different time zones
so someone's going to be off playing
games wanting to talk about games while
someone else is in the middle of their
work day and that's a notification
that's coming in work chat so it's it's
funky but you got to play the line I
don't know I'm going to stop talking
before I talk for
hours uh what are your thoughts on the
trend of putting titanium in
everything put more titanium in my
body I don't know titanium is pretty
cool titanium seems pretty cool to me
too
please don't break things
please uh I got a potential here there
we go lonus and Luke with everything
you've accomplished with lmg are you
satisfied have you satisfied a specific
childhood dream or are planning
to um no I wanted to be a cop when I was
a kid that tracks I was just like and
then later I wanted to be a teacher when
I say I wanted to be a cop when I was a
kid I mean I was in like grade two yeah
I wanted to be an astronaut yeah those
are the only jobs you know yeah ASA
firefighter
cop exactly
doctor yeah doctor yeah doctor's good
and so I basically I basically just
became a teacher but without a degree
and with way more
students and a lot more dick
J you found the loophole oh no you won't
get in trouble for dick J he will still
get in trouble for dick jokes I mean I
can still get in
trouble uh I wanted to work at a Game
Dev Studio but with how everything's
been going I feel like I dodged a bullet
on that one oh yeah you did butd yeah oh
my God good money for a while for a
while yeah um at its core I wanted to
kind
of be the communication line between uh
like business people and developers so
that is legitimately a conversation I
had with my dad um that he remembers in
like late high school where I was like I
feel like this would be a good thing for
me and then I literally ended up doing
that so that part has worked
out LTT making games LTT has technically
made multiple games actually um LTT made
lonus jump not wrong an actually very
fun game that we should probably just
release at some point um because it
doesn't seem like we're going to use it
anymore but it was used for the verified
actual gamer program Luke
we should go back to the old way we'll
make it a mobile game for like a dollar
a
[Music]
dollar for mobile but we could probably
figure it out I don't know how hard it
would be to adapt and honestly if I told
this to the person who made it they
would probably just do it um so oh just
make it 9 by 16 and it's instructions to
do that
please uh yeah dollar two whatever
Jaden's sweating in his sleep yeah I
would not make I would not make Jaden do
it he's also not the one that made the
game so it's okay um we've also made
other games there's you we should
do are you allowed to make a game are
you allowed to make a game one cent so
that uh Google the transaction fees
every time someone buys it I honestly
don't know um the apps that we've
released are are free the FL plane app
is free because you pay for the
subscription so I don't know appar
apparently yes I don't I know if I
believe that but we'll see we'll
see you are yes what that's wild you
used to be able to okay well we'll see
that would literally just cost the money
because of the even if you're like oh
but Google handles the credit card
transactions yeah but they go through
the credit card themselves yeah so they
will lose money they probably have more
favorable deals but um I guarantee you
it's not that
favorable yeah
it also only has one
level
uh has a
leaderboard did
it I thought so
really it's been so long I don't
remember I don't think it did I think we
had another every flavor bean I think we
had a way yes I think we had a way to
look in to see how fast people had had
had done
it
make more levels yeah but that takes Dev
time that means it costs money just make
chat GPT do it more level please and
then it just outputs the the the uh
brilliant Frameworks and the the C Javas
yeah one one node JavaScript please
thank you oh yeah I have one more thing
about Japan that I want to talk about oh
boy are you complaining I cannot find
any connection
of things and the
quity I have grossly overpaid for
mediocrity at best and I have paid
almost nothing for amazing quality have
you been in cities the whole
time yes because I found when I got out
of the big cities that completely
stopped and I think it's uh maybe a
touristy thing or like a expensive area
versus cheaper area thing or something
um
but yeah that
that get stuff affordably like I don't
remember the last time my entire family
had a sit down meal for about 10 bucks
ahead but we had the entire Bill service
fee included was like $56 at this place
that was like in a mall you know like it
wasn't nowhere that like it wasn't like
even a random home W or not a mall it
was like you know they have these
department stores here that are kind of
like what we would think of as a mall
but it's more just like a bunch of
stores I don't know how to describe it
it's slightly different um but it was
like a restaurant essentially is what
I'm trying to say uh and it was like
great and cheap and then we'll go places
where it's like oh that was $340 ahead
and I'm just not really sure where it
went um and it just it there doesn't
seem to be a connection
there yeah yeah I was run noing I I
didn't forget anything some of them
include a $10 Serv or a 10% service fee
I was running into very up and down
quality very up and down pricing all of
that type of stuff when I was like in
Tokyo I didn't go to other major cities
um and then when I got out of that major
city and got into smaller towns smaller
cities that type of stuff completely no
longer a problem quality on average was
much higher um I found personally people
are telling me that just means I was
unlucky in Tokyo which is fine but I
just that's what I experienced uh
quality was really like everything was
amazing and
cheap out of the city Yeti Wrangler says
that would be true almost anywhere
though no no uh in Vancouver
everything's expensive whether it's
garbage or good yes so that's the
difference every meal is $30 no matter
if you're having like a three course
Greek meal or going to
McDonald's yeah everywhere
yeah yeah and then in Taiwan
everything's cheap which isn't actually
true it's really but it's hyper tourist
trash
areas this outro to the show thanks for
watching guys see you again next week
same bad time same bad Channel there we
go
bye oh you
oh what did you do I pressed the intro
button
no no I broke it wait hold on I can do
that yeah there we go nice you know what
I'm doing sometimes this better be the
correct one
[Music]
uh oh no oh my
God
terrible great uh wait wait oh hold on I
got to stop the
show